---
source: Copy of Official - April 2026 La Fortaleza Magazine PR - Issue 14
language: EN
chunk: 6
date_processed: 20260601
words: 1168
source_url: https://heyzine.com/flip-book/04830c8b33.html
---

2️⃣ Resurrection Question – Collapse Into Growth In quantum language, observation collapses possibility into reality. In psychological science, awareness disrupts destructive patterns. How can believers intentionally “observe” their own limiting beliefs so that what appears spiritually dead can be transformed into disciplined growth, productivity, and Kingdom- building impact?

What does conscious responsibility look like in a post-resurrection mindset? A post-resurrection mindset acts according to what Ephesians 4:23 says: “Be renewed in the spirit of your mind.” Our mind must be renewed day after day. There must be an internal and continuous transformation, with our focus always on Christ. We should consistently practice prayer, Bible reading, meditation, and gratitude for what Christ has done through the resurrection. 3️⃣ Kingdom Productivity Question – From Survival to Stewardship Many churches operate in survival mode instead of expansion mode. As VP of Development for Conscious Culture NOW!, how do you see mindset training helping Protestant entrepreneurs, artists, and leaders move from emotional reactivity to strategic, profit-generating stewardship that strengthens families and communities?

What mental shifts remove the blocks that silently drain momentum?

Many times, thoughts pass through our minds that have nothing to do with a strong mind in Christ, and our emotions can be deeply affected. The best way to train and submit our mind to the obedience of Christ — since we all need Him — is to make God the owner of our thoughts. Then we will see prosperity and strength. What mental changes eliminate the blockages that silently drain progress? The mental blockages require changes; therefore, we must create healthy habits so we are not drained. We must not stop praying, meditating on His Word, having confidence, and exercising faith. We should make a schedule to distribute tasks, manage stress, handle time, do physical exercise — but above all, prayer is effective.

🎮 ⚛️ Quantum Discernment: Choose Your Adventure

🎯 Choose Your Adventure Question If you had to choose one Resurrection principle to teach new believers in this AI- shaped era, would you focus on: A) Breaking victim-based identity loops B) Building disciplined thought systems for financial growth C) Rewiring relational and emotional triggers D) Training leaders to think in long-term cultural impact Why is that the most urgent block to remove in 2026?

I would focus on D) Forming leaders with long-term cultural vision.

Why is that the most urgent block to remove in 2026? If we form transformational leaders, they will also transform others. We must always prepare their life skills, and right now this is an urgent need.

scious-Fits¥

.
*

= » ys ™
1% .

he

La Fortaleza PR USA 🇵🇷 🇺🇸 April 2026 Issue 14

🧠 entrevista Psicóloga cristiana y coach de vida: Interview with Lic. Antonia Martínez

ENFOQUE CRISTIANO

1️⃣ Good Friday Question – Clothing & the Invisible Weight On Good Friday, we remember the moment Christ was publicly stripped before the Resurrection. From the perspective of Conscious-Fits, how can clothing reflect internal burdens, insecurities, or unresolved identity blocks? Can the way a person presents themselves externally be unintentionally circumventing professional, relational, or financial blessings without them realizing it?

The way a person dresses often reveals what they have not yet healed inside. There are those who use clothing to hide insecurity, to fit in, or to not be truly seen. It’s not about brands or luxury, it’s about clear identity. When you don’t know who you are, you dress from your wound, not from your purpose.

República Dominicana

2️⃣ Resurrection Question – Dressing as a New Creation The Resurrection was not only a spiritual event — it was a visible declaration of authority and new life. How can a believer dress strategically in this modern era — without losing modesty or biblical conviction — to reflect a mindset of growth, leadership, and Kingdom expansion? What image mistakes keep many believers operating in survival mode instead of expansion mode?

Dressing with purpose means understanding that your image also preaches. A believer can be modern, elegant, and strategic without compromising their essence. Excellence is also spiritual. When you present yourself with order, vision, and coherence, you communicate leadership without speaking.

La Fortaleza PR USA 🇵🇷 🇺🇸 April 2026 Issue 14

3️⃣ Regional Development Question – Caribbean Identity with Global Projection As Director of Marketing in Development for the Dominican Republic, how can conscious fashion become a tool for cultural and economic positioning for believers who desire influence in business, politics, arts, and entrepreneurship? How do we remove the cultural block that associates spirituality with aesthetic neglect or lack of professional excellence?

Conscious fashion is a tool for influence, not just appearance. In the Caribbean there is cultural richness, but also an internal struggle between the spiritual and the professional. When you align identity, culture, and presentation, you stop being invisible and begin to occupy spaces with authority.

🎮 Choose-Your-Adventure: ⚛️ Conscious-Fits: Discernimiento cuántico en acción

Scenario: If you had to choose the most urgent block to remove in 2026 through Conscious-Fits, which would it be?

A) Inferiority mindset in corporate environments B) Confusion between biblical modesty and aesthetic mediocrity C) Lack of image strategy for Christian entrepreneurs D) Disconnection between spiritual identity and public presence

Why is that the key activation point for visible and productive Resurrection living? I choose (D)

🎯Antonia’s Straight Talk:

This is the most urgent point, because many know who they are in God, but they don’t reflect it outwardly. That disconnection creates divided lives: a private faith and a weak public presence. The resurrection is visible, not hidden. When you align what you believe with what you project, your life begins to produce real results. It’s not just internal transformation, it’s external manifestation. And that’s where the Kingdom stops being theory and becomes impact.

scious-Fits¥

.
*

= » ys ™
1% .

he

In a world where the fast pace of life and unhealthy habits silently threaten our greatest treasure—our health—the need to pause and reflect arises. This segment, “Capsules for Better Health,” invites you to rediscover the simple yet powerful principles that can transform your physical, mental, and spiritual life. Inspired by divine wisdom and the counsel of nature, these three practical tips will help you prevent illness, cultivate healthy habits, and live with purpose, so you not only add years to your life, but also life and quality to your years.

3 Tips for a Healthier and

More Fulfilling Life

La Fortaleza PR USA 🇵🇷 🇺🇸 April 2026 Issue 14

1.Prevention is better than cure

Health is a treasure that we often squander with bad habits from childhood or adolescence. Instead of waiting to get sick, it's much better to prevent it. As the wise saying goes, "A pound of prevention is worth more than a pound of cure." Take care of your body today with fresh air, sunshine, rest, exercise, water, and a proper diet. Preventing illness is easier and less expensive than treating it later.

La Fortaleza PR USA 🇵🇷 🇺🇸 April 2026 Issue 14

2.Educate and Apply the Principles of Health