---
source: Copy of Official - April 2026 La Fortaleza Magazine PR - Issue 14
language: EN
chunk: 5
date_processed: 20260601
words: 1171
source_url: https://heyzine.com/flip-book/04830c8b33.html
---

Today the world is moving fast. Technology is shaping minds. Culture is shaping beliefs. Young people are learning about money from influencers, about relationships from psychology podcasts, and about purpose from entrepreneurs. Meanwhile many Christian leaders are still waiting quietly on the sidelines. If we only play the role of quiet servant, we may accidentally surrender the public square.

But there is another path — influence through example.

Imagine a young Christian family in Mayagüez. The father manages his finances wisely because he follows practical stewardship principles taught by voices like Dave Ramsey. The mother studies family relationships through Christian counseling platforms such as Focus on the Family. When legal issues threaten religious freedom, they understand their rights through organizations like the ACLJ.

Their home becomes something powerful:

a living demonstration of wisdom.

Neighbors begin asking questions.

“Why are your finances stable w‌hen everyone els‌e is struggling?”‌

“How do your children stay so grounded?”‌

“Why does your family seem peaceful even during hard times?”

At that moment, the Gospel becomes visible before it is spoken.

This is the shift:‌ Christianity demonstrated through lifestyle.

And culture is already showing signs that this works.

Look at the influence of Christian artists who cross cultural boundaries. Hip-hop artist Lecrae has reached audiences who might nev‌er walk into a church. R‌eggaeton icon Daddy Yankee shocked the entertainment world when he publicly stepped away from the secular stage to declare his faith.

These moments matter...

They tell the next generation that faith is not weak, outdated, or hidden.

Faith can lead. Faith can innovate. Faith can influence culture.

Now imagine what happens when this mindset expands beyond‌ music.

Doctors who openly practice their profession with Christian ethics.

Lawyers defending truth and religious liberty.

Entrepreneurs building busin‌esses with generosity and discipline.

Fitness trainers teaching the body as a temple of GOD.

Filmmakers producing powerful Christian stories.

Comedians bringing laughter without corruption.

Suddenly the church is no longer just a building people visit on‌ Sunday.

It becomes a living network of excellence. And something surprising happens when Christians begin to live this way: professionals with wealth, education, and influence begin to gather around it. Not because they are pressured, but because they see something stable and intelligent. Peopl‌e are attract‌ed to competence with conviction. This is where a fascinating conversation is also beginning to grow. Some Christian thinkers are exploring scientific ideas—fields like quantum physics—not as metaphors but as real tools for understanding the order of GOD’s creation. Projects like Conscious Culture NOW! are experimenting with how science, faith, and public education can intersect in responsible ways.

Whether one fully agrees with every approach or not, one thing is‌ clear:

The next generation of Christian thinkers will not be afraid of knowledge.

They will explore law, psychology, economics, science, art, and culture—always bringing those discoveries back‌ to the wisdom JESUS of Nazareth taught long ago.

Love your neighbor. Tell the truth. Practice wisdom. Build responsibly.

Those teachings were never small.

They were civilization-building instructions. So perhaps the challenge for today’s Christian leaders is not to‌ abandon humility, but to redefine what humility looks like in a‌ modern world.

Humility means using every gift GOD gave you without arrogance and without hiding. When believers live disciplined, joyful, intelligent lives—when they steward money wi‌sely, ‌treat families well, create art, defend justice, and pursue knowledge—the world notices.

And when the world notices, hearts become open. Sometimes the most powerful sermon is not spoken from a pulpit. Sometimes it is seen in a life that simply works. That is the invitation for this generation. Not louder faith.

Visible faith.

And if the church embraces that vision, the next wave And if the church embraces that vision, the next wave of cultural inﬂuence may not come from politics or of cultural inﬂuence may not come from politics or arguments. arguments. It may come from something much simpler. It may come from something much simpler. Christians who live so wisely that the world becomes Christians who live so wisely that the world becomes curious curious

And if the church embraces that vision, the next wave of cultural influence may not come from politics or arguments. It may come from something much simpler. Christians who live so wisely that the world becomes curious

about the TEACHER who taught them how. about the TEACHER who taught them how. ✝

about the TEACHER who taught them how.‌✝️

How do you use the manga format

to teach that suffering is not

weakness, but

preparation?

I would present it by showing the “warrior” going through real defeats, rejection, and fear, but making it clear that every wound is spiritual training. In the manga, pain is not the end of the character, it is the process that activates him. Likewise, I teach that Christ did not avoid suffering, and that turns pain into purpose.

What “blockages” do

you see spiritually in this generation?

Comfort mentality (they avoid difficult processes). Identity based on emotions, not on truth. Rejection of pain (they see everything as an attack, not as formation). Lack of spiritual discipline (prayer, the Word, consistency).

How does Gospel

Samurai present

that transition from fallen to

commissioned?

The warrior does not just rise… he rises with a mission. He no longer fights to prove who he is, he fights because he knows who he is. The manga allows showing the transformation visually. The character goes from being dominated by fear to walking with purpose. I would use that to teach that identity is not discovered, it is received in Christ. Fear is broken when you understand your design.

La Fortaleza PR USA 🇵🇷 🇺🇸 April 2026 Issue 14

🧠 interview

Testimony CHRISTIAN FOCUS

and Calling

Clinical Psychology and Faith: Interview with Lic. Roxsanna Nivar

Dominican Republic

1.Feelings of Guilt The believer accepts

1️⃣ Good Friday Question – Identifying the Block Roxanna, during Holy Week we reflect on the suffering of Christ before resurrection power was revealed. From a conscious psychological perspective, what are the most common mental entanglements that keep believers stuck in cycles of lack, fear, or dependency — even after they have received salvation?

grace, but at a subconscious level, a system of retributive justice persists. 2.Trauma of Scarcity and Feelings of Failure

Many believers carry an "inner orphan." Although they have a heavenly Father, their brain continues to operate in alert mode (activated limbic system), constantly expecting resources to run out. It is important to remember that we are not alone — we have a Father, an inheritance, and a new identity. 3.Dependency There is a misinterpretation

How do these internal blocks subtly circumvent the blessing God has already made available?

of the concept of "resting in God." Psychologically, this can lead to learned helplessness, where the believer expects God to do what corresponds to their own will and human responsibility. God does His part, but He also expects us to activate our will and take action. 4.Spiritualized Social Phobia The fear of

what other congregation members or "authority" figures might think can castrate creativity and expansion.