---
source: Copy of Official - April 2026 La Fortaleza Magazine PR - Issue 14
language: EN
chunk: 7
date_processed: 20260601
words: 1195
source_url: https://heyzine.com/flip-book/04830c8b33.html
---

Many illnesses can be prevented if we follow the natural laws of health. It has never been more important to educate ourselves on these principles. Read, learn, and put into practice simple yet powerful advice. It's not about knowing everything at once, but about gradually incorporating habits that will bless your physical, mental, and spiritual life. Education is key: "We must educate, educate, educate, in a pleasant and intelligent way."

La Fortaleza PR USA 🇵🇷 🇺🇸 April 2026 Issue 14

3.Trust in GOD's power and live with purpose

True health encompasses body, mind, and spirit. Combine natural remedies with trust in GOD, who reveals Himself as “the LORD, your healer” (Exodus 15:26). Surrender your life to Him and seek to glorify Him with your body and your choices. When you live renewed, your life becomes a light that blesses others. Remember the promise: “Beloved, I pray that you may prosper in all things and be in health, just as your soul prospers.”

La Fortaleza PR USA 🇵🇷 🇺🇸 April 2026 Issue 14

1 Corinthians 6:20 kjv 1 Corinthians 6:20 kjv 1 Corinthians 6:20 kjv

—
FULL PANDA MOD)

ENTORSHIP |. DISCIPLINE [| CHRISTIAN CHARACTER FORMATION

INTERVIEW:
RICKY PANDA

TESTIMONY
— € TRANSFORMATION -

Looking back, the seasons of bullying, fear, and

character. When you’re young and you experience intimidation or feel powerless, it forces you to confront a very deep question: Who am I really? For me, that journey pushed me into

anxiety were actually the forge that built my

Ricky, your story reflects the Ricky, your story reflects the reality that outward discipline reality that outward discipline

Ricky, your story reflects the reality that outward discipline

does not always mean inner does not always mean inner

does not always mean inner

two things that ultimately transformed my life —

peace. Many people carry peace. Many people carry hidden struggles even while hidden struggles even while

peace. Many people carry hidden struggles even while

faith in CHRIST and martial discipline. Martial arts gave me structure, physical confidence, and a

appearing strong on the appearing strong on the outside. Looking back at your outside. Looking back at your

appearing strong on the outside. Looking back at your

way to reclaim agency over my body and my presence. But faith gave me something even deeper — identity. Through Christianity I realized

that my worth and purpose were not defined by

journey through bullying, journey through bullying, anxiety, and internal battles, anxiety, and internal battles, how did those difficult seasons how did those difficult seasons help shape your understanding help shape your understanding

journey through bullying, anxiety, and internal battles, how did those difficult seasons help shape your understanding

the opinions of bullies or by fear, but by the design GOD placed inside me. Those difficult seasons taught me that true strength is not just

physical toughness or emotional suppression. True strength is alignment — body, mind, and spirit working together under a higher purpose. In many ways, the suffering became preparation.

of true strength and identity? of true strength and identity?

of true strength and identity?

What once felt like weakness eventually became

the very thing that allowed me to mentor others

who are walking through similar battles.

I don’t approach people from the angle of “self- improvement.” I approach it from the perspective of restoration. Most people already have strength,

courage, and purpose inside them — it’s just buried under years of fear, conditioning, and negative experiences. My role as a mentor is not to turn them into someone new. My role is to help

You often speak about You often speak about restoration rather than simple restoration rather than simple

You often speak about restoration rather than simple

self-improvement, self-improvement, emphasizing that people are emphasizing that people are returning to their GOD-given returning to their GOD-given

self-improvement, emphasizing that people are returning to their GOD-given

them rediscover the person GOD originally designed them to be. Holy Week illustrates this

perfectly. Good Friday represents suffering,

confusion, and apparent defeat. But the resurrection shows that suffering is not the end of

design rather than trying to design rather than trying to become someone else. During become someone else. During this Holy Week season, which this Holy Week season, which

design rather than trying to become someone else. During this Holy Week season, which

the story. When someone comes to me with fractured confidence, we begin by reconnecting them with three things: Identity – understanding

who they are in CHRIST and what they are capable of becoming; Embodiment – learning to stand, breathe, and move with confidence again; Action – gradually facing fears in controlled ways

reflects suffering followed by reflects suffering followed by resurrection, how do you help resurrection, how do you help

reflects suffering followed by resurrection, how do you help

until confidence becomes real. Confidence isn’t built by positive thinking alone. It’s built through aligned action repeated over time. Resurrection is

people rediscover their people rediscover their identity and confidence after identity and confidence after fear has fractured their sense fear has fractured their sense

people rediscover their identity and confidence after fear has fractured their sense

not just a theological concept. It’s a lived process

of rising again after fear tried to bury who you

of self? of self?

of self?

were meant to be.

One thing many people overlook is that fear is not

just psychological — it’s physiological. When someone has experienced years of intimidation or

One of the most unique One of the most unique aspects of your mentorship is aspects of your mentorship is

One of the most unique aspects of your mentorship is

anxiety, their nervous system becomes conditioned to react with tension, hesitation, and

the idea of starting with the the idea of starting with the body first — using breathing, body first — using breathing,

the idea of starting with the body first — using breathing,

hyper-vigilance. If you try to address only the mind or only the spirit without addressing the body, the transformation often doesn’t stick. This is where martial arts training becomes extremely

stance, and movement to stance, and movement to ground the nervous system ground the nervous system

stance, and movement to ground the nervous system

powerful. Through breathing, posture, stance,

before addressing deeper before addressing deeper truths. Why do you believe truths. Why do you believe

before addressing deeper truths. Why do you believe

and movement, we can literally retrain the nervous system to move from panic into presence.

Something as simple as learning to stand grounded, breathe calmly, and move with intent

physical discipline and physical discipline and spiritual formation work best spiritual formation work best

physical discipline and spiritual formation work best

can dramatically change how someone experiences fear. Once the body becomes stable,

the mind becomes clearer. And when the mind

together when helping together when helping someone move from fear someone move from fear

together when helping someone move from fear

becomes clearer, deeper spiritual truths can finally take root. That’s why in my mentorship the process is integrated. Physical discipline stabilizes

toward stability and toward stability and

toward stability and

the body, and spiritual formation stabilizes the