TV
HOME
TV
b.e.t.a.
Subscription
blog
Search
There are no suggestions because the search field is empty.
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on LinkedIn
Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on Instagram
✕
HOME
TV
b.e.t.a.
Subscription
blog
Conscious Culture NOW!
Follow Pastor DaNova on this Low Budget Ground-Breaking 12 Episode TV Series First Premiered on THE NOW Television Network in 2019...
Bad Influences - Part 1
Episode 1 Blurb
Show Release Date: Jul 30, 2019
Episode 1 of Conscious Culture NOW! Was released for public airing internationally on The Now Christian TV Network and YouTube in July 2019. The creator claims to have been directly influenced by GOD during each production stage. The intro celebrates the Christian political momentum of that year as Donald Trump allowed himself to be a public Protestant Christian and was elected the United States of America President. Pastor DaNova claims to have been pretty much developing the concepts we have come to know today, on the fly. Indeed necessity is the mother of creativity.
Episode 1 Verse of the DAY & Credits & Scene Screenshots
Bad Influences - Part 2
Episode 2 BlurbFilm Release Date: Aug 27, 2019This Episode 2 of Conscious Culture NOW! Showcases additional Christian talent as segment titled hosts. “Finding Fetters” is what can be deemed as extremely creative and imaginative and feels like an upgrade to the first version from Episode 1. Not to take anything away from the clever simplicity of Episode 1. Minister Debora Bigler and Teacher Nancy F. Rivera make the show seem like a PBS educational program. “Current Scenarios Today” takes a look at Huge Heffner under the guise of world influence and power and ends with a Christian Conscious Thought synapsis by Christian Pastor, DaNova.
Episode 2 Verse of the DAY & Credits & Scene Screenshots
secret societies - Part 1
Episode 3 BlurbFilm Release Date: Oct 1, 2019Episode 3 of Conscious Culture NOW! Uniquely designs and blends and retells a story of Rapture and the vice on planet Earth. Simple yet relevant cartoon graphics in timeless effect. Very Christian yet very artsy and edgy. The “Current Scenarios Today” segment, takes a long portion of this month's episode release and revisits a condemed and hidden agenda. Pastor DaNova wittingly interacts with known video clips to describe a famous documentary film available freely on YouTube. Our LORD and SAVIOR, KING JESUS CHRIST makes HIS debut. HE plays a court Judge rather than simply a defense attorney for our souls as mentioned in our Protestant Christian Bible.
Episode 3 Verse of the DAY & Credits & Scene Screenshots
secret societies - Part 2
Episode 4 BlurbFilm Release Date: Oct 29, 2019Episode 4 is quite shocking and revealing about the occult practice of real human sacrifice and cannibalism in some secret societies. This show is a gem. Not so much dictation from a stage expert but a literal view into the hardcore practice of satanism. It takes a page from the 1980s uncut style of Protestant Christian Ministers who practiced PowerPoint-type church service adult-only presentations. They used to teach the Christian Community about the real practice of sin rituals at their deepest, most chillin', and most disturbing, secretive traditions. This was done to give spiritual discernment to the Christian Community about what type of symbolism to be aware of in any kind of secular & pagan media such as Hollywood films and FM music.
Episode 4 Verse of the DAY & Credits & Scene Screenshots
Friendship - Part 1
Episode 5 BlurbFilm Release Date: Dec 3, 2019In Episode 5 with “Friendship” as the topic we experience a “Finding Fetters” segment that captures the innocence and hope of a community-supported engagement in marriage. As the segment progresses the direction visits a sleek graphical representation of Americana Double Dutch being played by a husband and wife team. As the couple takes turns the word H.A.P.P.Y is spelled out using common subjects to do with a successful marriage. Until the last turn which demonstrates evil leveraging and dividing the couple into a disastrous suicidal consequence. Next, we see Pastor DaNova’s “Current Scenarios Today(CST)” segment. This episode is less graphical than usual but should be considered one of the most powerful Protestant Christian Revelations of all time. Pastor asserts that by using a disguise, Evil leveraged a trendy “Friends” episode 66 to preclude the Bill Clinton & Monica Lewinsky debacle. The evidence is stunning and has never been mentioned anywhere else but on this particular show broadcast of “CST”. It’s a first and simply put, amazing. The ending section of this “CST” segment feels like an Academy Award-winning performance of acting and great line delivery and body gestures and a stunning revelation about JESUS that is hidden in plain sight if one is torn as a result of some kind of mental block through artificial indoctrination. Then, Pastor DaNova seems to express that the method by which he was able to produce this entire episode full of stunning revelations, was merely through direct and clear supernatural communication with JEHOVAH FATHER GOD’s HOLY GHOST, who guided him in the first place, amen.
Episode 5 Verse of the DAY & Credits & Scene Screenshots
Friendship - Part 2
Episode 6 BlurbFilm Release Date: Dec 31, 2019Episode 6 has a different flow and direction than the other Conscious Culture NOW! shows. It commences with a proven man of GOD known as Yiye Avila. This Evangelist is Puerto Rican and preaching Spanish on stage at Humboldt Park in Chicago. Humboldt Park is a well-known Puerto Rican community in Chicagoland. It's a bit different from your typical Evangelist Yiye Avila experience. What DaNova has produced here is self-claimed as a “VideoMix”. Adding a sleek audio track and timed video edits introduces the famous conservative preacher to a younger audience. Next, is the first demonstration ever of the new segment of DaNova’s hilarious “Game Show." The production entailed hours of meticulous green screen effect processing and voice-over recording. The result is a few moments of a very hilarious & creative method by which to dictate to a large audience and relate normally very heated topics. “Game Show” is purposely loaded with very timely and witty one-liners. One could easily see these characters develop into a side brand. Finally, we see more creative production with a sense that DaNova is using what he can afford to maximize the result as a respect for GOD and also his audience. A clean-cut guy driving in the hood and his thoughts are realized as thought bubbles. This is a unique intro to a larger segment which in totality is called “El Repara Almas.” This translates into the Soul Mechanic. Now we see Pastor/Mechanic Wilfredo Rivera with a cool rottweiler tee shirt and looking kind of buff teaching about the real love of JESUS CHRIST. They are trying to establish a cross between auto mechanics and Christianity. Worth mentioning is the JESUS graphic as a tire repairman and the classic rock verse howl sung during the show car repair shop transitional edits.
Episode 6 Verse of the DAY & Credits & Scene Screenshots
CONSCIOUS FLASHBACK - Part 1
Episode 7 BlurbFilm Release Date: Jan 28, 2020Conscious Culture NOW! Episode 7 is essentially an audio and video mix production created by DaNova at Faith Music Movies Production House. Video clips from the previous 6 episodes were edited together with a brand-new original in-house sound score. The sound score is a production using Apple’s Logic DAW(Digital Audio Workstation) sample loop clip catalog. The purpose of this episode's effort was to engage and appreciate an established audience. Replaying recognizable show video elements, while listening to an exciting new music track, creates a sense of nostalgia for the true fans of our start-up-company-low-budget show; made for the LOVE of GOD & People.
Episode 7 Verse of the DAY & Credits & Scene Screenshots
CONSCIOUS FLASHBACK - Part 2
Episode 8 BlurbFilm Release Date: Feb 25, 2020Episode 8 of Conscious Culture NOW! is an uncensored look at danger and injury to help spiritually mature people by safely allowing a first-person perspective into the negative consequences of being in a rush and without an expectation that evil and disaster can potentially lurk around every corner. The climax and resolution of this witty conglomeration of audiovisuals is the predetermined LOVE of GOD for HIS Creation.
Episode 8 Verse of the DAY & Credits & Scene Screenshots
Mount Shasta
Episode 9 BlurbFilm Release Date: Apr 14, 2020Conscious Culture NOW! Episode 9 is a provocative Conscious Christian Evangelism into a topic rarely accessible through established modern-day means. Enjoy a mix of show segments that point to understanding apparent peaceful spiritualism by demonstrating the potential negative powers behind them.
Episode 9 Verse of the DAY & Credits & Scene Screenshots
Porque ninguna cosa es imposible para DIOS
Episode 10 BlurbFilm Release Date: May 11, 2020Episode 10 of Conscious Culture NOW! Is a unique blend of constantly changing video clips of disturbing gang violence. At times tough to witness but the obvious emphasis is the reality that unless GOD is present a youth can fall Into a psychology that bewilders fellowship and throws caution into the wind. Pastor DaNova is again attempting to place the viewer in a first-person perspective and doing so on a low budget. Nonetheless, a very creative effect produces a nerve-racking experience. The sense implicates fear as a predominant dissuasion to joining such dangerous lifestyles. Worth mentioning are the facial graphical attributes assigned to the graphical narrator which is shown as a young man’s head traveling with each scene. This very creative original storytelling effect is essentially a youth who is receiving scars and tattoos as a result of events in the video scenarios. It’s much like an individual who may radiate innocence as a child and then after making poor choices be left with the scars as a consequence. None of the normal CCN! Segments were placed in this episode. It’s a unique special episode with Pastor Ralph Otero and his then-wife, Martha Otero as guests. Pastor Ralph is advising through his personal experience on how he overcame Chicago gang affiliation through the power of the prayer of his Christian parents who happen to be Ministry Pastors. Pastor Martha supports her then-husband while beckoning youth to embrace GOD and avoid sin. This episode concludes with a truly amazing climax scene where the narrator's head is healed and transformed through repentance in JESUS CHRIST. Pastor DaNova’s financially limited production was successful in causing participation between Pastor Ralph and Martha and their message that “Nothing is Impossible for GOD” and at the same time, the HOLY GHOST Dove is witnessed driving out the demons attached to the repentant narrator's head thus cleaning his painful consequence scars.
Episode 10 Verse of the DAY & Credits & Scene Screenshots
Mount Shasta - Part 2
Episode 11 BlurbFilm Release Date: Jun 10, 2020Episode 11 of Conscious Culture NOW! is simply put groundbreaking. Creatively daring, unique, disclosing, informing, and entertaining all wrapped into a deep Protestant Christian spiritual discernment. There is no possible way that Pastor DaNova could have joined this material without a strong anointing and guidance from GOD’s HOLY GHOST. This episode along with the other shows in this series should be considered a true JEHOVAH FATHER GOD-sponsored Information Revival in the NAME OF KING JESUS CHRIST. Critical historical events with deep examination from experts have not been able to connect the dots generously disclosed in Episode 11 of CCN! Yes, this is a low-budget documentary film, but the message is priceless. Spike Lee's “School Daze” is edited by Pastor DaNova in the “Finding Fetters” segment utilizing simple in-series electrical circuit icons to engross human conscious detection of actual screen interjections which when highlighted explain the scenes that seem glorifying and climatic in its down-guard human sensory reception but when ordered by simple highlights determine the actual cause of the leftover feeling one senses upon film completion. “Hang on to your hat” is a good expression in the close spiritual examination of the famous Zapruder Film which documents the unfortunate and terrifying assassination of President John F. Kennedy. The connection that GOD gave Pastor DaNova is mind-blowing, to say the least, and pardons any excuse that this event wasn’t demonically orchestrated to implicate the antichrist spirit into mass communication and blame the chaos on people. JESUS Rapture has to be closer than the general public is consciously aware. The “Current Scenarios TODAY” segment is trying to drive men's and women's minds toward how fallen angels complete major historical events and govern society through good people who are in a charade of scenarios that connect some kind of invisible circuit that perpetuates a hidden guiding hand behind an ingenious smoke screen. If you as a viewer ever doubted the force upon the human family through some coexistent vail, then this is the ultimate show for you to gather information and pray before the final assumed scenario takes place. Repent in JESUS' NAME and Save your Soul before it’s too late.
Episode 11 Verse of the DAY & Credits & Scene Screenshots
What is a Current Scenario?
Episode 12 BlurbFilm Release Date: Aug 4, 2021In this Episode being number 12, we begin to see the result of the eleven that came prior. This episode is one of the most amazing pieces of Protestant Christian Ministries ever recorded. The show is unashamed and mature in that it accesses all forms of Earthly data in order, to sum up the truth about spiritual warfare occurring. Here Pastor DaNova utilizes his “Finding Fetters” formula to add information with a growing order in the observer's mind to try to explain a hidden reality that governs all yet bends reality as a sort of camouflage. We should be more and more grateful to GOD for providing the Bible as a secure source of Light and Eternal Truth. After experiencing this show you should be praying and thanking GOD for protecting us from our emotions and from a thief that carefully spins a web of occupation until his feeding time. From the intro to the ending one is handheld with an innocent cartoon coloring our anticipated message of the 3 Temptations faced by JESUS of Nazareth at the hands of the adversary satan. Yet, the Verse here found in Hebrews 5 settles the post scene into adulthood and that one must be assigned in their senses to gauge the good and evil momentum being observed. I can only say that you have to pray for focus to appreciate the message that one is experiencing in this program. Each temptation is ironed out by very public and very hidden spiritual interjections which can only lead one to see the hand of the same adversary that tempted JESUS in the desert in a new upgrade to the attachment of your mass reality blanketing your forward movement. Very scary and undeniable and should teach us at a minimum to Repent right now in JESUS' NAME and RUN to safety.
Episode 12 Verse of the DAY & Credits & Scene Screenshots
Episode Multiple Social Media Sites Comment Groups
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Religious Liberty
Contact Us
Careers
Statement of Faith
Cookies
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on LinkedIn
Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on Instagram