---
source: Official - April 2025 La Fortaleza Magazine PR - Issue 2
language: EN
chunk: 2
date_processed: 20260601
words: 616
source_url: https://heyzine.com/flip-book/bee935fa76.html
---

Puerto Rico’s Digital Puerto Rico’s Digital Middle Class(DMC): A Path Middle Class(DMC): A Path to True Economic Freedom to True Economic Freedom

Puerto Rico’s Digital Middle Class(DMC): A Path to True Economic Freedom

Honorable Mayors of Puerto Rico,

For deca‌des, Puerto Rico has been trapped in an economic cycle: we

receive funds from the U.S., but our infrastructure and economy fail

to grow fast enough to sustain repayment, leading to consistent recessions. History has shown moments of breakout success, like the‌

‌economic upswing in the 1970s, but natural disasters and systemic‌

‌stagnation have kept us reliant on federal aid.

Puerto Rico is an island—a massive aircraft carrier in the Caribbean, separate from the mainland economy, yet with the same potential for

ingenuity and innovation as any U.S. state. However, we lack the connectivity and digital infrastructure that drive modern economies.

A New Approach: The Digital Mid‌dle Clas‌s[DMC]

A study in the International Journal of Communication introduces the

concept of the Digital Middle Class—people who use digital technology to create and fulfill opportunities beyond their immediate

environment. This is exactly what Puerto Rico needs.

The middle class in cities like Austin , Raleigh , and Nashville (cities with strong tech sectors and knowledge economies) thrives at around $78K

in income. When a digital middle class emerges, it boosts the entire economy. Puerto Rico must transition from a stagnant workforce to a digital economy, where knowledge work, AI-driven infrastructure, and

online service exports become our new economic foundation.

The P‌la‌n: Smart Investment in Infrastructure and Digital Jobs

To achieve this, we must stop reacting and start planning:

✅‌ Free WiFi and Water(we’re surrounded by water) – These are

essential human rights that fuel innovation and social stability.

Connectivity enables digital jobs and a smarter workforce.

✅‌ Premium Electricity & Garbage Costs – Electricity should be high-

quality and reliable, priced for sustainability. Garbage should have a

premium cost to encourage environmental responsibility.

✅‌ AI-Driven City Planning – A real-time AI-powered spreadsheet

should plot our streetlight patterns, voting efficiency, and

infrastructure.

✅‌ Social Workers for Property & Inheritance – Aging population issues must be resolved by assigning government social workers to

prevent property stagnation.

✅‌ Open-Source Government Jobs – Instead of slow bureaucracy, we

need an open-source job system where local developers and engineers work on real problems like power reliability, traffic, and real

estate stagnation.

✅‌ Battery & Tesla Energy Systems – Because of potential natural

disasters, power solutions must be decentralized and resilient to

ensure continuous energy supply.

By connecting AI infrastructure, digital job markets, and intelligent planning, we create a self-sufficient, export-driven economy. We stop

depending on external factors and instead become leaders in digital

labor, AI implementation, and sustainable infrastructure.

The Result: Puerto Rico as a Global Digital Powerhouse

This plan is not science fiction— cities worldwide have proven that‌ ‌digital middle classes create booming economies. Puerto Rico, with its

strategic location, bilingual workforce, and deep cultural resilience, can lead Latin America and the Caribbean in digital services, AI labor,

and smart urban planning.

With the right leadership and bold decisions, we will no longer be an island stuck on a treadmill—we will be a superpower of the digital age.

Are you ready to lead this transformation?

Sincerely,[ JESUS of Nazareth ]‌ ‌I already paid

Vv.

ee
Je QO ©

y
Om

DOLL

AR > ,
Sa ICA E ES
P- 28 y

La La Fortaleza ortaleza ortaleza

APRIL

2025

WWW.FAAAITH.ORG

4 Da’ PUEBLO 4 Da’ PUEBLO 4 Da’ PUEBLO

LAST PAGE LP

ISSUE 2 LOS 78' LOS 78' LOS 78'

: cull

: cull

FRIENDS FRIENDS FRIENDS OUROUROURCIRCLE CIRCLE CIRCLE

OFOFOF

DEDEDE COMPRA COMPRA COMPRA

AMIGOS AMIGOS AMIGOS NUESTRONUESTRONUESTROCIRCULO CIRCULO CIRCULO

DEDEDE

Page 43