---
source: Official - January 2026 La Fortaleza Magazine PR - Issue 11
language: EN
chunk: 2
date_processed: 20260601
words: 1137
source_url: https://heyzine.com/flip-book/fe7ba4d744.html
---

5. The Second Great Awakening ‌– ‌Charles Finney‌ (1800s) United States ‌🇺🇸 Finney emphasized obedience to the HOLY GHOST and personal responsibility. This revival directly impacted abolition, education reform, and justice movements, demonstrating how revival reshapes public policy through transformed hearts.

6. The Azusa Street Revival ‌–‌ ‌William J. Seymour‌ (1906–1909) Los Angeles, USA ‌🇺🇸 Led by a humble man of prayer, this revival crossed racial, social, and economic lines. The HOLY GHOST fell without discrimination, igniting the global Pentecostal movement still active today.

7. The Charismatic Renewal –‌ ‌Multiple Leaders including ‌Derrick Prince‌ (1960s–1980s) Worldwide ‌🌎 The HOLY GHOST moved beyond denominational walls, renewing churches, families, and civic leaders worldwide. Revival entered institutions once considered unreachable.

8. The Businessmen Revival ‌– Lay Leaders & Marketplace Believers &‌ Jeremiah C. Lanphier‌ (1950s–1960s) United States & Latin America ‌🇺🇸‌ ‌🌎 GOD moved powerfully through business owners, executives, and professionals who carried revival into the marketplace. Prayer breakfasts, ethical leadership, and public faith reshaped corporate culture and influenced government leaders. This revival revealed that the HOLY GHOST does not move only from pulpits, but from boardrooms, policies, and daily decision-making.

9. The JESUS People Revival ‌– Youth Led by the HOLY GHOST including‌ Lonnie Frisbee‌ (Late 1960s–1970s) United States & Worldwide ‌🇺🇸‌ ‌🌎 In a generation marked by rebellion and confusion, GOD poured out HIS SPIRIT on young people. The JESUS People Movement brought repentance, worship, and evangelism to the streets. Many pastors, missionaries, and Christian leaders today were formed in this revival, proving that GOD redeems generations and redirects cultures.

10. The Yiye Ávila Puerto Rico Revival – ‌Evangelist Yiye Ávila‌ (1970s–1990s)‌ Puerto Rico & Latin America ‌🇵🇷‌ ‌🌎‌ GOD used Evangelist Yiye Ávila to ignite one of the most impactful revivals in Puerto Rico’s history. Through massive crusades, amazing healing miracles, prayer, and HOLY GHOST preaching, countless lives were transformed. This revival touched government leaders, families, and entire communities, marking Puerto Rico as a land visited powerfully by GOD.

11. The Canadian Revival (Toronto Blessing) ‌–‌ ‌Pastors John & Carol Arnott‌ (1994– Late 1990s)‌ Toronto, Canada ‌🇨🇦‌ GOD poured out HIS HOLY GHOST in a season marked by deep repentance, worship, and spiritual renewal. What became known globally as the Toronto Blessing drew leaders, pastors, and believers from nations worldwide. Many returned to their countries spiritually refreshed, reigniting churches, missions, and prayer movements. This revival emphasized intimacy with GOD, humility, and restored spiritual authority.

12. The Armando Alducin Revival ‌–‌ ‌Pastors Armando Alducin & Martha Alducin‌ (1980s–Present)‌ Mex‌ico & Latin America ‌🇲🇽‌ ‌🌎‌ GOD has used Pastor Armando Alducin, alongside Martha, to spark a revival marked by biblical precision, scientific & analytical teaching, and intellectual discipline. Known for a methodical, academically informed approach, this movement emphasizes sound doctrine, spiritual discernment, and faith grounded in truth rather than emotion, strengthening churches throughout Mexico and Latin America.

13. Modern Global Revivals ‌– Faithful Servants Worldwide‌ (1990s–Present) Africa, Latin America, Asia, and Beyond 🌎‌ ‌👑 In our current era, revival often moves quietly yet powerfully—through prayer movements, community transformation, and ethical leadership. GOD is raising servants who carry the HOLY GHOST into education, governance, media, business, and family life. This revival is decentralized, global, and sustained by obedience rather than spectacle. This revival is taking place in our modern entrepreneurs.

A Call to Today’s Leaders

To our mayors, legislators, and government servants of the islands ‌🇵🇷‌ ‌🌎‌:‌ history reveals a pattern— when leaders honor GOD, GOD heals the land. Revival is not disorder; it is divine alignment. It restores justice, strengthens families, and renews vision. May this generation be remembered as one that welcomed the HOLY GHOST —not only in churches, but in leadership, governance, and decision-making— for the good of all people.

“Not by might, nor by power, but by MY SPIRIT, says the LORD of hosts.” – Zechariah 4:6

A Closing Reflection for This Generation of Leaders As humanity advances scientifically and technologically, one truth becomes clear: knowledge without spiritual discernment leaves societies vulnerable. Growing dialogue between quantum physics, human consciousness, and long-established biblical truth is forcing institutions—both spiritual and scientiﬁc—to reconsider how unseen inﬂuence shapes human decision-making.

The King James Version of GOD’S Holy Bible has long revealed realities of light, darkness, order, and deception—truths modern science is only beginning to describe in limited terms. Science may measure patterns and probabilities, but Scripture reveals purpose, morality, and truth.

This awakening is not about replacing faith with science, nor science with faith. It is about alignment—bringing clarity, accountability, and free will into our systems of film, business, education, law, and community life, so decisions are not driven by confusion, manipulation, or hidden disorder—what Scripture has long identiﬁed as spiritual warfare. “For God is not the author of confusion, but of peace, as in all churches of the saints.”‌ – 1 Corinthians 14:33 (KJV)

In this light, the importance of a ‌United States Department of Quantum Mental Influence‌ becomes evident—not as a tool of control, but as an ethical, transparent safeguard. Such a department would help leaders understand how ‌OBSERVATION‌ aka mental influence, environment, and unseen pressures affect collective decision-making, protecting communities from emotionally driven rhetoric that gains votes yet destabilizes society like a Trojan horse. CRITICAL: TO AVOID RIOTS, SHALL EDUCATE THE PUBLIC ON THE TRUTH ABOUT INFLUENCE IN THE AIR.‌ EPHESIANS 2:2 (KJV)

When discernment replaces impulse and wisdom governs influence, leadership shifts from reaction to responsible stewardship, preserving both freedom and order. May this generation govern with peace, clarity, and accountability—guided by the HOLY GHOST and anchored in eternal truth.

1ntroduction / Faith & Calling

3. Challenges & Growth

Q. Marc, can you share a bit about your early journey and how GOD guided you into video, motion, and design?

Q. What were some of the major obstacles you faced along your career path, and how did GOD help you overcome them?

A. It was by complete chance. I had spent a year at a major university in an engineering program and hated it. I took a year off college to try to figure out what came next and found myself getting a scholarship to CCS in Detroit, originally in their 3D animation program (for video game design). Part of the freshman-year curriculum was a Video 1 class. I immediately fell in love and felt GOD pushing me toward it. From there, I switched majors and went all in. From there, it’s been one blessing after another, and putting everything on the line. I drove to Austin, TX, in 2008 with a sleeping bag and a laptop. Within a year, opportunities beyond my wildest dreams had shown themselves, and I was already purchasing my first home. I had a different relationship with GOD back then but stayed on a path of truth and honesty and continue to be amazed by GOD’S hand intervening in my journey.