---
source: Official - December 2025 La Fortaleza Magazine PR - Issue 10
language: EN
chunk: 2
date_processed: 20260601
words: 1157
source_url: https://heyzine.com/flip-book/3d7840abea.html
---

In the middle of my trials, I discovered the ﬁnancial teachings of Dave In the middle of my trials, I discovered the ﬁnancial teachings of Dave Ramsey. His biblical, debt-free, disciplined approach gave me backbone, Ramsey. His biblical, debt-free, disciplined approach gave me backbone, courage, and structure. courage, and structure.

In the middle of my trials, I discovered the financial teachings of Dave Ramsey. His biblical, debt-free, disciplined approach gave me backbone, courage, and structure.‌

Inspired by his teachings, I developed a model of Ethical Budgeting & Inspired by his teachings, I developed a model of Ethical Budgeting & Production System and adapted it to Puerto Rico and my reality, which I Production System and adapted it to Puerto Rico and my reality, which I call: call: The Story of the Child – GRAMMY-QUALITY PRODUCTION WORKFLOW The Story of the Child – GRAMMY-QUALITY PRODUCTION WORKFLOW

Inspired by his teachings, I developed a model of Ethical Budgeting & Production System and adapted it to Puerto Rico and my reality, which I call: The Story of the Child – GRAMMY-QUALITY PRODUCTION WORKFLOW

The system combines: The system combines:

The system combines:‌

C onservative Christian ﬁnancial principles onservative Christian ﬁnancial principles Automated Google Sheets Automated Google Sheets Monthly limits required to maintain my current social support Monthly limits required to maintain my current social support eligibility eligibility A professional production workﬂow designed for “Grammy-level” A professional production workﬂow designed for “Grammy-level” music music Ethical income growth from my merchandise shop (Spreadshop) Ethical income growth from my merchandise shop (Spreadshop) Personal safeguards to avoid debt and rebuild my credit cleanly Personal safeguards to avoid debt and rebuild my credit cleanly

C‌onservative Christian financial principles‌ Automated Google Sheets‌ Monthly limits required to maintain my current social support eligibility‌ A professional production workflow designed for “Grammy-level” music‌ Ethical income growth from my merchandise shop (Spreadshop)‌ Personal safeguards to avoid debt and rebuild my credit cleanly

La Fortaleza has no affiliation, association, or official endorsement with any of the services listed on this page and is simply based on educational recommendations and

is not responsible for the activities of third parties.

4. 4. The “Workﬂow” | The Child on the Road to a Grammy The “Workﬂow” | The Child on the Road to a Grammy

4.‌ The “Workflow” | The Child on the Road to a Grammy

I designed a document called: I designed a document called: “T “T he Story of the Child – Grammy Quality Production Workﬂow.” he Story of the Child – Grammy Quality Production Workﬂow.” This system allows me to create high-level music while staying within my This system allows me to create high-level music while staying within my required ﬁnancial limits: required ﬁnancial limits: $450 monthly budget / $1500 maximum savings allowed. $450 monthly budget / $1500 maximum savings allowed. Th Th e 8 Ph e 8 Ph ases of the Creative Process ases of the Creative Process 1.Vocal Recording Vocal Recording 2.HOLY GHOST Mixdown HOLY GHOST Mixdown 3.Pro Engineering Pro Engineering 4.Mastering Mastering 5.Copyright + PRO Registration + Promo Copyright + PRO Registration + Promo 6.Radio Submission Radio Submission 7.VR Live Performance VR Live Performance 8.Film & TV Licensing Film & TV Licensing

I designed a document called: “T‌he Story of the Child – Grammy Quality Production Workflow.” This system allows me to create high-level music while staying within my required financial limits: $450 monthly budget / $1500 maximum savings allowed. Th‌e 8 Ph‌ases of the Creative Process

1.Vocal Recording 2.HOLY GHOST Mixdown 3.Pro Engineering 4.Mastering 5.Copyright + PRO Registration + Promo 6.Radio Submission

7.VR Live Performance 8.Film & TV Licensing

Each phase has a ﬁxed, carefully calculated cost. Each phase has a ﬁxed, carefully calculated cost. I only activate a phase when merchandise sales cover it. I only activate a phase when merchandise sales cover it. No credit cards. No credit cards. No debt. No debt. No shortcuts. No shortcuts. Free and clear — following Free and clear — following Dave Ramsey’s 7 Baby Steps method Dave Ramsey’s 7 Baby Steps method .

Each phase has a fixed, carefully calculated cost. I only activate a phase when merchandise sales cover it. No credit cards. No debt. No shortcuts. Free and clear — following Dave Ramsey’s 7 Baby Steps method .

GRAMMY-QUALITY PRODUCTION WORKFLOW

1)

VOCAL
RECORDING

$160.00

e /A da
dl

¡SO

COPYRIGHT, PRO
& PROMOTE

$835.00
Oj ¿ Oem

NOTES
CREDITS

PHASE 1

PHASE 2

Bilt

HOLY GHOST
MIXDOWN

$0.00

Fi

PRO

ENGINEERING

$493.20
ill

ABBEY
ROAD

GN
MASTERING

$400.00

PHASE 6

$1,899.00

RADIO
SUBMISSION

NOTES

CREDITS

8 evenilivel

«

LIVE(VR)
PERFORMANCE

$263.99

PHASE 8

SUBMIT FOR
FILM & TV

$0.00
ICrucialMusic

“Kingdom _ Bring JESUS into the room,
and trust HE will guide our session.”

by _ Pastor: Carlos "MC. DaNova™ Villanueva Cortes Jr i

5. 5. Th Th e Official “The Story of the Child™” Merch Line e Official “The Story of the Child™” Merch Line

5.‌ Th‌e Official “The Story of the Child™” Merch Line

I created an original merchandise brand with four designs: I created an original merchandise brand with four designs:

I created an original merchandise brand with four designs:‌

The Story of the Child(La Historia Del Niño) The Story of the Child(La Historia Del Niño) ❤ 3:16 3:16 M.C. DaNova M.C. DaNova Guardian Angel & Child Guardian Angel & Child

The Story of the Child(La Historia Del Niño)‌ ❤️‌ 3:16‌ M.C. DaNova‌ Guardian Angel & Child

All sales are handled through PayPal, connected to automated tracking All sales are handled through PayPal, connected to automated tracking in my system. in my system.

All sales are handled through PayPal, connected to automated tracking in my system.

acdshop

+ Support the Song.
Sponsor Une Souma

We're raising $5,551.19 to launch this anthem on radio

CONSCIOUS CULTURE NOW!

6. 6. Th Th e Spiritual Message: Where the Enemy Hit You, Build There e Spiritual Message: Where the Enemy Hit You, Build There

6.‌ Th‌e Spiritual Message: Where the Enemy Hit You, Build There

The enemy attacked my ﬁnancial and professional life. The enemy attacked my ﬁnancial and professional life. So I decided to rebuild right there, but this time: So I decided to rebuild right there, but this time:

The enemy attacked my financial and professional life. So I decided to rebuild right there, but this time:‌

With With greater wisdom greater wisdom With greater Prayer structure(Operation Prayer Line) With greater Prayer structure(Operation Prayer Line) With stronger spiritual covering With stronger spiritual covering With modern technology With modern technology With a With a blog blog on on KJV KJV and and Quantum Physics Quantum Physics because because Ephesians 2:2 Ephesians 2:2 And with total dependence on KING JESUS CHRIST And with total dependence on KING JESUS CHRIST 👑

With‌ greater wisdom‌ With greater Prayer structure(Operation Prayer Line)‌ With stronger spiritual covering‌ With modern technology‌ With a blog on KJV and Quantum Physics because Ephesians 2:2 And with total dependence on KING JESUS CHRIST‌👑