---
source: Official - February 2026 La Fortaleza Magazine PR - Issue 12
language: EN
chunk: 2
date_processed: 20260601
words: 1189
source_url: https://heyzine.com/flip-book/20e4065aea.html
---

Testimony CHRISTIAN FOCUS

and Calling

Clinical Psychology and Faith: Interview with Lic. Roxsanna Nivar

Dominican Republic 🇩🇴

1.What personal experiences or important moments led you to decide to study psychology and dedicate yourself to this profession?

2.As a licensed psychologist, what do you

propose to achieve in the lives of your patients and in the community you serve?

From a young age I felt a deep sensitivity toward the emotional suffering of people. Throughout my life I observed how many people carry invisible pains that do not always find a safe space to be expressed. Personal and close experiences helped me understand the importance of being listened to without judgment, with respect and compassion. That awakened in me the desire to prepare professionally to accompany others in their processes of emotional healing, from scientific knowledge and human care.

My greatest purpose is to help my patients develop clarity, emotional tools, and a greater understanding of themselves, so they can live with more well-being and balance. I aspire for people to feel accompanied, validated, and strengthened in their therapeutic process. At the community level, I am interested in promoting mental health through prevention, education, and the elimination of stigma, fostering healthier, more conscious, and empathetic spaces.

3.How do you keep God present in your

professional life, while at the same time ensuring an ethical, responsible practice of clinical excellence with your patients and considering your responsibility as a mother?

I keep God present in my professional life through the values that guide my daily decisions: responsibility, empathy, honesty, and respect for each person. My faith influences the way I live and work, but always within an ethical and professional framework that respects the individuality and process of each patient.

As a mother, I have learned the importance of balance, healthy boundaries, and coherence between what I believe and what I practice. That experience has made me more aware of the impact that emotional care has, not only on adults, but also on families. That is why I strive to practice psychology with clinical excellence, self-care, and responsibility, understanding that caring for others also implies caring for myself, in order to serve with integrity both FOR my patients and my family.

🎮 Choose-Your-Adventure: Faith and Professional Limits

Scenario: A patient expresses deep emotional pain and hints at spiritual confusion, but does not directly ask about faith. You sense discernment is needed.

You must choose ONE approach:

Option A: Remain strictly clinical and focus only on therapeutic techniques Option B: Create space for meaning, values, and hope without imposing belief

Question: Which path do you take, and how do you ensure God remains honored while professional boundaries are fully respected?

Chosen Option: Option B

Response:

I choose Option B: open space to talk about purpose, values, and hope, without imposing beliefs. I consider it important to validate the patient’s emotional experience and explore what gives meaning to their life, fully respecting their belief system. In this way, the spiritual dimension can be addressed in a sensitive and ethical manner, allowing the patient to set the pace and depth of the conversation. The balance lies in accompanying with respect, without crossing boundaries, and always prioritizing the integral well-being of the person.

scious-Fits¥

.
*

= » ys ™
1% .

he

La Fortaleza PR USA 🇵🇷 🇺🇸 Feb 2026 Issue 12

CHRISTIAN FOCUS

🧠 interview

and Calling

Testimony Journey, Education & Dual Calling: Interview with Lic. Antonia Martínez

Dominican Republic 🇩🇴

1.What were the most difficult challenges you faced while becoming a psychologist, and how did faith help you endure the process?

2.Where did you study psychology, and

which academic or professional achievements most shaped who you are today?

My biggest challenges in my psychology degree were having to retake courses in the evening, since robberies occurred even during the day on the street where the university was located. It was a time of great fear and tension, but my faith helped me to believe in God more, to pray more, and to trust that He was with me at all times. Knowing that God was there gave me the strength not to give up and to finish my degree successfully, and I did.

I am a graduate of the National Evangelical University. One of my most important achievements has been giving myself the opportunity to learn that nothing is impossible when you believe in God. More than any degree, I value having persevered, having trusted, and having completed my education with faith and determination.

La Fortaleza PR USA 🇵🇷 🇺🇸 Feb 2026 Issue 12

3.You currently operate a pedicure and

manicure business while building a future one-on-one coaching practice. How has God helped you steward excellence in both spaces?

God has guided me to understand that everything I do must be done with excellence, love, and responsibility. In both my pedicure and manicure business and my coaching project, I strive to serve with respect, order, and dedication. As a mother, I have learned to organize my time and maintain a balance, understanding that my family is a priority. My faith helps me move forward, trusting that God gives me the wisdom to fulfill each role with purpose.

🎮 Choose-Your-Adventure: Faith and Professional Limits

Scenario: A client from your manicure business begins opening up emotionally and asks if you offer deeper guidance or coaching beyond the service.

You must choose ONE approach:

Option A: Gently refer them elsewhere to maintain strict separation Option B: Prayerfully discern a pathway into future coaching while keeping boundaries clear

Question: Which choice do you make, and how do you honor God, ethics, and long-term vision in that moment?

Chosen Option: Option B

Response:

I choose to prayerfully discern a possible future transition to coaching, maintaining clear boundaries. I understand the importance of listening with empathy, but also of being responsible and ethical. I honor God by caring for the person, respecting my professional boundaries, and moving forward step by step according to the vision He reveals.

scious-Fits¥

.
*

= » ys ™
1% .

he

The Framework / Intake & Integration

The Discovery / Need & Nature

1.When a client first contacts you, what is your step-by-

2.How do you typically assess what a project truly needs

step workflow—from initial intake to final delivery—and why is each step important?

before design begins (for example: branding, motion, layout, or revision versus rebuild)?

When a client reaches out, the goal is to get clear, move fast, and keep the work as friction-free as possible. The exact steps flex a bit based on whether it’s post-only, full campaign, or branding, but the backbone stays the same.

A lot of the work happens before anything gets designed. The first step is getting painfully clear on the job the piece has to do, not the format it “should” be in. That means asking about goals, audience, where it lives, and how it will actually be used day to day. Once that’s clear, it’s much easier to see whether we’re talking about a light tune-up or a true rebuild. From there, a few quick filters help decide what the project really needs: