---
source: Official - January 2026 La Fortaleza Magazine PR - Issue 11
language: EN
chunk: 3
date_processed: 20260601
words: 1198
source_url: https://heyzine.com/flip-book/fe7ba4d744.html
---

A. First was work. I graduated before online video really existed, so you either made commercials for television or you didn’t have a job. But I grinded, never gave up, was always sending my DVD demo reel to agencies in other states, and always checking job boards. There were setbacks. I was once narrowed down from 200 applicants at an agency in Las Vegas. They flew me out; everything was incredible, and the pay at the time was huge. I didn’t get it. It was a punch to the stomach, but I learned years later that the pain from rejection only made me more resilient. But pretty much every step of my journey after college involved a lot of risk and prayer. Everything was a shot in the dark. The industry was new, and I knew nothing (aside from some software skills). But I kept the faith, and my trajectory continued to head in the right direction.

Q. How has prayer and your walk with the LORD influenced your work with major accounts?

Q. Living in Mayagüez, Puerto Rico USA, while serving international clients, must have unique challenges. How have you navigated them?

A. More than anything, it put what matters in the foreground. Ad agencies want every campaign to be your life, them to be your GOD, and money to be the end-all goal of life. I never let this ideology overtake me (except for the pursuit of money), and that always kept me cool and collected, even with major accounts and projects. My mindset and faith separated me from many of my colleagues that burned out fast.

A. With high-speed internet and how fast computer processors are, it’s become an almost seamless transition. What got me early on in Puerto Rico was electricity and internet. Early in my stay, I lost both for four days mid- project. That is something that just can’t happen in advertising, so figuring out the solution took a little time. Luckily, Starlink has gotten really reliable, and a battery backup keeps me afloat. I also have backup plans during a long-term outage (battery packs, where to go for internet and charging, etc.), so I won’t be blindsided next natural disaster that occurs.

2. Training & Expertise

Q. How did you develop your technical expertise in video, motion, animation, and post-production?

A. I entered college with pretty much zero background in the industry. I learned a lot over my four years, but the real learning began once I graduated. I took a low-paying, entry-level job as an assistant video editor in a boutique post house, and the four years there pretty much taught me everything I know now about business and the industry. As far as staying on the cusp of the latest software and techniques, it does also involve regularly watching tutorials and taking online training programs. The industry is constantly changing, so being on top of things is a must if you want to make it.

Q. How long have you been leading high-end design projects for agencies and major brands?

A. Since 2010. My first was a Whole Foods Market campaign—huge budget, shot on high-end equipment—and I was responsible for the final project. I realized then that while I’m a good creative, it’s my understanding of the industry and a successful campaign that let me break out of the “motion designer” role and start leading entire campaigns.

4. Design Philosophy & 8B Geometry

6. Faith & Final Thoughts

Q. Your brand, 8b Color, references 8B geometry and conscious design. Can you explain how this concept inspires your creative process?

Q. How do you balance creative excellence and professional pressure while remaining humble and faithful?

A. Sure. The name comes from 8B Geometry, which is the highest level of geometry and reveals the inner mechanics of consciousness. The visuals of my brand are meant to reinforce the message of what we do, which is bring life and color to your words and ideas. My latest demo reel includes scenes of this kind to further the message. I realized early on that anything can be visually aesthetic; it’s just cracking the particular code.

A. I had to first be humbled, which smacked me back into place. Around 2015, I was making money that I never dreamed possible, and it went to my head. More became the focus. I had no appreciation for what I had, and I had completely lost sight of what really mattered in life. My work cost me a marriage, a home, and what could have been a great life. It was a painful experience, but it brought me back down to earth. I had to crawl again, to really appreciate the gifts of this world.

Q. How do you ensure your designs communicate clarity, emotion, and impact, even for clients unfamiliar with your methods?

Q. What advice would you give other Christian creatives striving to honor GOD in their work?

A. Luckily, now I have a vast reel of work, which is enough for most clients, but earlier on, I had to become a professional at selling myself. That took time, as it was never how I looked at myself. But once I found the words and the explanations of the process, I found that they are almost universally applicable to every industry. There are overall techniques and formulas that can be applied to everything. It took doing work for a large variety of industries for this to occur to me, but it remains true in our work.

A. Unless GOD’S calling you to the industry, avoid it at all costs! It’s brutal, it takes advantage of people, it promotes debauchery, and all around, it isn’t good for the soul. I could never be an agency employee now that I’ve been reborn. If I wasn’t doing this work for myself, I would have found another industry.

5. Proof & Experience Section (Interactive Experience)

Here’s a plain logo we’re providing. Can you walk us through how you would improve it?

BEFORE MARC

Logo is on the right track, but a couple things.

Not enough spacing in the objects. Too tight together.

Font is too thin; needs to be bolder.

Besides that, it’s on the right.

What are the key principles you follow in elevating a client’s brand visually and spiritually?

Simplify messaging. Distill what matters into a palette of colors and fonts. Most businesses have the idea or product, but selling it is another beast altogether. That’s where my expertise comes in. We want a company’s brand to shine as much as the product or service they’re selling.

MON Fetter, WaliSiOrmmed MOM IMpPetuous Denier tO DOI leader, Was

noliad feom fichormmoan te “Boel hu JIECNC lad the onnectiace rrrearhand

at Pentecost, performed miracies; and opened the gospel to Gentiles:

APOSTILE 10 NE

(ETS Ca A
JUE En aie A

Lp E

ES A A A cl Ar ña.

JN E

pe Poy TA A | DA Y AAA : IN

Pal

LL AA
da

A a IL

GT 22 SS

sae ee

Faull transtormea form persecutor to Prociaimer, after encounterng

PURIST nn the Namaerne mad neral miceinnary inurneve nlantina

chruches and authoring epistles shaping Christian theology.

, =