---
source: Official - March 2025 La Fortaleza Magazine PR
language: EN
chunk: 1
date_processed: 20260601
words: 1183
source_url: https://heyzine.com/flip-book/0f2b5a4253.html
---

M.C. DaNova

This conversation delves into M.C. DaNova’s vision, exploring the connection between faith, entrepreneurship, and quantum dynamics in shaping a prosperous Puerto Rico. 1. Why are people so slow? Many people are slow to act because they lack vision, confidence, or resources. Fear of failure and societal pressures to conform can paralyze them. M.C. DaNova’s journey shows that aligning with a purpose—whether it’s faith, art, or community—can motivate action and break the cycle of hesitation. Puerto Rico’s history teaches us that when people unite with purpose, progress accelerates (P.R. GDP Growth 1971). People are slow because they operate in fear-based quantum entanglements that limit their ability to see beyond the physical world. Quantum physics shows us that at the subatomic level, particles are always in motion, responding to energy and intention (John 5:4 KVJ). When people lack vision or faith, they resonate with stagnation. Those aligned with GOD’s spiritual manifestations tap into life in abundance, accelerating their purpose. M.C. DaNova believes that slowness is a choice to stay blind to divine possibilities, while the fallen angels use confusion to slow humanity’s progress.

rapper or Pastor rapper or Pastor rapper or Pastor?

Introduction This is an interview with Pastor Carlos “M.C. DaNova” Villanueva Cortes Jr., founder of Conscious Culture NOW! (Cultura Consciente ¡AHORA!), an entrepreneurial business based in Mayagüez, Puerto Rico, USA. The organization focuses on informational education aimed at transforming Puerto Rico’s economic system into an aggressive, thriving economy. This transformation is built on a foundation of peace with all parties, guided by routine- oriented daily activities that align with clear goals, including the automation of company functions and the integration of purposeful FUN & physical activity.

With this faith-driven approach, Conscious Culture NOW! actively opposes hidden destructive quantum technologies and evil forces that aim to harm Puerto Rico. Instead, it embraces quantum principles of positive entanglement: aligning efforts with those who share a vision of growth and excellence. The organization emphasizes that true progress comes not from stagnation or small-scale thinking, but from the leadership of highly capable businesspeople—those who understand the frontlines of large corporate ecosystems where real wealth is created through effort and innovation.

The mission of Conscious Culture NOW! is rooted in Christianity, choosing to interject the power of a living GOD whose message is one of abundance, life, and discerned love. Discerned love calls for a vision of Puerto Rico that reflects GOD’s highest attributes in every social system, fostering an improved quality of life that rejects the false notion that suffering is necessary for human development.

M.C. DaNova

2. Why do people feel fear? Fear often stems from uncertainty, past trauma, or a lack of faith. As a pastor and rapper, M.C. DaNova preaches that fear can be overcome through trust in GOD, personal growth, and community. Music and faith both offer tools to transform fear into strength—whether it’s a verse in the Bible or a verse in a rap song, the message is clear: fear doesn’t define us.

Pastor or rapper Pastor or rapper Pastor or rapper?

3. How does money bless the community? Money is a neutral resource—it’s how we use it that matters. When aligned with GOD’s purpose, it builds schools, creates jobs, and supports families, multiplying blessings like energy in motion. M.C. DaNova stresses that money itself isn’t evil, but the love of it corrupts. Through conscious capitalism, businesses in Puerto Rico can reinvest in their communities, lifting people out of poverty while glorifying GOD. Generosity reflects GOD’s abundant nature, transforming communities through unity and love.

4. Can a pastor be a rap star? Absolutely! M.C. DaNova proves both roles share a mission: to inspire, educate, and uplift. As a pastor, he reaches hearts through sermons; as a rapper, he reaches minds through music. Both harness the power of words, which quantum physics & the Bible show can shape reality. While fallen forces use music to corrupt, M.C. DaNova uses it to spread GOD’s truth, counteracting negativity with conscious light.

Fear is a byproduct of disconnection from GOD’s perfect love, which the Bible says casts out all fear. On a quantum level, fear is a negative memory that disrupts harmony in the physical and spiritual realms. Fallen angels manipulate this state by injecting doubt and uncertainty, while GOD’s truth offers clarity and peace. M.C. DaNova teaches that fear is overcome by aligning with GOD’s Bible and scientific facts through faith, prayer, and research. When you resonate with GOD’s light, darkness has no power over you.

faaaith.org/blog

5. What’s your biggest advice to a business in Puerto Rico? Invest in authenticity and community. Puerto Rican businesses thrive by embracing their culture, people, and faith. Success isn’t just profit—it’s creating opportunities and giving back. M.C. DaNova teaches that businesses should build bridges, not walls. Align with GOD’s principles—honesty, generosity, and service—to create true abundance. Like particles responding to entanglement, your actions send signals into both spiritual and quantum realms working within the Golden Rule (Matthew 7:12 KJV). Beware of greed and shortcuts; instead, sow seeds of purpose and faith, trusting GOD’s blessings will multiply in time.

Economics for the

People: How Ai Helped Me Rethink Puerto Rico’s Future

me economist

.Villanueva 4 Da’ PUEBLO 4 Da’ PUEBLO 4 Da’ PUEBLO

In Puerto Rico, where challenges seem In Puerto Rico, where challenges seem endless and progress often feels endless and progress often feels stalled, the ability to take swift, stalled, the ability to take swift, informed action is invaluable. As informed action is invaluable. As someone with no background in someone with no background in economics but a heart for my island, I economics but a heart for my island, I found myself turning to prayer, seeking found myself turning to prayer, seeking GOD’s wisdom to guide my steps—and GOD’s wisdom to guide my steps—and that prayer led me to ChatGPT. In just that prayer led me to ChatGPT. In just two hours, this tool transformed two hours, this tool transformed overwhelming global data into clear, overwhelming global data into clear, actionable insights. What could have actionable insights. What could have taken a team of subcontractors weeks taken a team of subcontractors weeks to research, I achieved with the help of to research, I achieved with the help of AI and a desire to make a difference. AI and a desire to make a difference. This isn’t just about technology; it’s This isn’t just about technology; it’s about combining GOD-GIVEN about combining GOD-GIVEN intelligence with innovative tools to intelligence with innovative tools to find hope and direction for Puerto Rico. find hope and direction for Puerto Rico.

ChatGPT >

Observations:

- Economic Size: Singapore and the UAE
have significantly larger economies
compared to Puerto Rico, with GDPs
exceeding $500 billion USD. Estonia,
while smaller, has a higher GDP per
capita than Puerto Rico.

GDP Per Capita: Singapore's GDP per
capita is notably higher than that of
Puerto Rico, indicating a higher standard
of living. The UAE also surpasses Puerto
Rico in this metric.

+ GDP Growth Rate: The UAE has
experienced higher average GDP growth
rates compared to Puerto Rico,
suggesting more robust economic
expansion.