---
source: Official - March 2026 La Fortaleza Magazine PR - Issue 13
language: EN
chunk: 4
date_processed: 20260601
words: 1162
source_url: https://heyzine.com/flip-book/8e856f3c95.html
---

7. Being stressed. Constant stress can affect both physical and mental health. A highly stressful life can lead to preventable cancer. Excessive stress leads to decreased concentration, as well as emotional problems such as depression and anxiety.

8. Not protecting yourself from the sun. Not adequately protecting yourself from the sun, even in winter, can cause problems such as melanoma, heatstroke, headaches, vision problems, and sunburn. Sunlight is healthy when enjoyed early in the morning or late in the afternoon.

9. Watching too much television. Spending many hours on the sofa watching too much television is very harmful to your eyesight, and it also contributes to developing sedentary habits that, over time, can lead to obesity, mobility problems, and emotional stagnation.

10. Drinking sugary drinks. Although refreshing, sugary drinks like cola have been linked to an increased risk of kidney disease. A single glass of this type of soda typically exceeds the recommended daily intake of sugar.

La Fortaleza PR USA 🇵🇷 🇺🇸 March 2026 Issue 13

11. Using diet products. Replacing foods with diet or light products can mean missing out on a large number of nutrients. Furthermore, many of these products replace fat with sweeteners, which are essentially sugar and contribute to the development of diabetes in the long run.

12. Skipping meals. Many people mistakenly believe that eating less and having fewer meals a day will help them lose weight. This is a mistake! All it does is increase the risk of binge eating later in the day, consuming more calories than recommended.

13. Restricting carbohydrate intake. Carbohydrates are the body's fuel, and it needs a healthy amount of them to function properly. Eliminating them from your diet can lead to chronic fatigue. It has also been linked to heart rhythm disorders.

14. Buying prepared food. Many people make excuses to say they don't have time to cook and order takeout. This usually has a lot of sugar and fat, which is not healthy at all. There are healthy meals that can be made in less than a minute. The clearest and simplest example is a salad, where you can add whatever ingredients you want and know exactly what you're going to eat.

15. Spending a lot of time alone. Humans are social beings; they need interaction with others to maintain good physical and mental health. Loneliness has been shown to be a risk factor for cardiovascular problems, as well as increasing the risk of premature death.

16. Eating quickly. Eating quickly, barely chewing your food and swallowing it almost whole, is a health risk. In addition to the risk of choking, digestion becomes sluggish, which can lead to gastric problems such as stomach aches, flatulence, bloating, and heartburn.

17. Not drinking enough water. Not drinking enough water leads to dehydration. The body needs this fluid to carry out its functions. If you don't drink enough water, you may develop kidney problems, as well as dizziness, headaches, and dry mouth.

18. Neglecting your dental health. Dental hygiene is serious. Not brushing your teeth can lead to gum inflammation, cavities, and tooth loss. Poor oral health has also been shown to affect the lungs and stomach.

19. Playing headphones too loud. Listening to music is something everyone enjoys, but some people overdo it with the volume on their headphones.

20. Overdoing tanning. Regular use of tanning beds has been associated with an increased risk of skin problems, especially skin cancer.

La Fortaleza PR USA 🇵🇷 🇺🇸 March 2026 Issue 13

21. Eating too much processed meat. Red meats like sausages increase the risk of cancer. It is not recommended to eat more than 50 grams of sausages per day, or, if possible, replace them with plant-based protein.

22. Not eating yogurt. Many people see yogurt as just another fatty food to avoid. This is a mistake. Plain yogurt, without added sugar, provides a high amount of healthy fats, calcium, and beneficial bacteria that contribute to good gut health.

23. Wearing high heels. High heels have been associated with joint degeneration and osteoarthritis in the knee. Although wearing a few extra centimeters is a widespread trend, it is much healthier to opt for more comfortable and healthy footwear.

24. Dyeing your hair. Hair dye can irritate the scalp, causing eczema, itching, and blisters.

25. Overeating. Eating very large portions of food has been associated with a higher risk of obesity, diabetes, and gastrointestinal problems. Doctors recommend monitoring your calorie intake.

26. Overdoing it with juice. Juices, even without added sugar, are not a good substitute for whole fruit. They are basically water with a lot of free sugar and no fiber. They increase the risk of diabetes, cavities, and obesity.

27. Not going out. We need to get some fresh air from time to time. Go for a walk alone or with someone and enjoy the outdoors. Spending time in green spaces has been associated with a lower risk of mood problems.

28. Drinking energy drinks. Energy drinks, in addition to having a high sugar content, contain stimulants like caffeine. They can cause tachycardia and heart problems, as well as impair the proper functioning of blood vessels.

29. Working too many hours. Work is necessary to earn money and survive in these modern times. However, it is very detrimental to our health when it occupies most of our time. It can affect our physical and emotional well-being. Furthermore, it involves physical, mental, and emotional exhaustion that can lead to various psychopathologies, such as depression and anxiety.

30. Overusing social media. When you spend a lot of time in front of a screen chatting with other people instead of talking face-to-face, you are engaging in harmful behaviors. In addition, social media promotes unattainable beauty standards, contributing to body dissatisfaction, which can develop into eating disorders such as anorexia and body dysmorphia.

La Fortaleza PR USA 🇵🇷 🇺🇸 March 2026 Issue 13

31. Overusing painkillers. Painkillers and other medications help relieve pain; however, they are also addictive. Furthermore, overdosing on them increases the risk of side effects.

32. Avoiding worry. Being unable to let go of problems and worrying about the past or future, or being unable to calm your mind, leads to constant emotional exhaustion. It can be paralyzing, preventing you from engaging in pleasurable and satisfying activities.

33. Waking up late. It has been shown that people who get up early are less prone to mood problems. If waking up late is due to going to bed late, it's best to try going to bed earlier.

34. Skipping naps when needed. A good nap can be restorative. If you've had a very tiring morning or experienced some disruption in your sleep cycles, taking a nap might be a good option. It has been shown that naps can help control blood pressure.

35. Not keeping a food diary. Being aware of the nutrients you consume and the number of calories you ingest and burn can help ensure you're eating a healthy diet.