---
source: Official - March 2026 La Fortaleza Magazine PR - Issue 13
language: EN
chunk: 2
date_processed: 20260601
words: 1182
source_url: https://heyzine.com/flip-book/8e856f3c95.html
---

⚡‌ R.U.S.H.™ Redeemed Urgency Stops Havoc™ Redeemed urgency is not rushing blindly. It is movement secured by HEAVEN. When GOD opened the Red ‌Sea, it was sudden. When JESUS said He saw Satan fall like lightning ( Luke 10:18 KJV ), it was decisive. When GOD told Abraham, “All the land which thou seest, to thee will I give it” ( Genesis 13:15 KJV ), observation preceded possession. Quantum parallel: Observation influences collapse. Faith influences manifestation. B‌ut here is the safeguard: Faith must be anchored in verified Light. Our principal Light is CHRIST. Our written Light is the King James Bible. When Light increases, doubt decreases. When doubt decreases, velocity increases.

🛣️‌ The Two-Lane Municipal Model Picture a highway in Mayagüez, Ponce, San Juan, or any of the 78. Left lane: Drivers confident in their template. T‌hey know their exit. Th‌ey maintain speed. Right lane: Drivers uncertain. Slowing. Adjusting. Neither lane is sinful. But confusion in the left lane causes accidents. And fear in the right lane causes congestion. Spiritually: If you have no template — slow down and gather Light. If you have verified Light — do not crawl in insecurity. Redeemed urgency means: Speed with structure. Courage with clarity. Faith with facts.

👼‌ Ministering Angels & Municipal Stewardship Hebrews 1:14 (KJV) declares angels are “ministering spirits, sent forth to minister for them who shall be heirs of salvation.” GOD‌ assigns warning, protection, and influenc‌e at personal and civic levels. Municipal stewardship is not merely political. It is spiritual architecture. Puerto Rico is not random geography. It is providential territory. The United States of America is not accidental influence. It is covenantal positioning. We pray for lawful leadership. We honor civic order. We respect national authority structures. And we engage without desperation.

☘️‌ Patrick Day — Protestant Framing Patrick did not wait for cultural permission. He return‌ed with structure, language, and conviction. He moved from trauma to template. That is R.U.S.H.™ Not reckless. Redeemed.

🎮‌ CHOOSE YOUR MUNICIPAL PATH Path A — The Turtle You gather data. You observe carefully. You‌ refus‌e to cast stones prematurely ( John 8 KJV ). You build a template before acceleration. ➡ Outcome: Stability first, then velocity.

Path B — The Rabbit You have verified Light. You understand logi‌s‌tics, relationships, distribution. You accelerate decisively. ➡ Outcome: Milliseconds matter. Momentum builds culture.

Path C — The Desperate Driver You lack information but force speed anyway. You fear being left behind. ➡ Outcome: Havoc system engages. Chaos multiplies.

🇵🇷🇺🇸‌ Final Charge to Los 78’ To every Protestant leader, entrepreneur, pastor, and mayor reading: GOD is not slow. GOD is not nervous. GOD is not reacting. He governs. The subatomic back office does not intimidate HIM. It obeys HIM. We operate in gravity. HE operates above it. Therefore: Move when HE says move. Observe before you claim. Claim what HE shows. Build templates. Reject desperation. And let R.U.S.H.™ Redeemed Urgency Stop Havoc. In JESUS CHRIST’S Mighty Name. Amen.

0 0 tT 0 01 0

Redeemed

||

Iiraencv Stons Havoc

MLTLILILILULULTC CTL nT

1. Faith & Creativity How has your personal

walk with Jesus shaped the creative decisions you

make in Gospel Samurai, from the storylines to

the design of the

characters?

I accepted the Lord Jesus as my Savior in 2015. Since then, Jesus has been shaping His character in me. From a very young age, one of my dreams was to create a comic or anime that could impact generations like Dragon Ball Z, Naruto, and others.

In 2016, the Lord placed this idea in my mind, specifically during a prayer service while I was praying. I wanted something new—not just to recreate the stories we already know from the Bible, but to develop a new story. After making many drafts and thinking about what to name this story, the title Gospel Samurai came to my mind.

I have always loved Japanese culture, and at first, I could not find a way to connect Japanese culture with the Bible. Just as comic creators like Marvel Comics, DC Comics, and others built their own worlds, I decided to build mine—blending Japanese culture with the Bible. That is how Gospel Samurai was born.

2. Cultural Bridge Having grown up loving anime and samurai culture, how do you see God using

your passion for these Japanese-style stories to

reach young Christians in

Puerto Rico and beyond?

When I began writing the story of Gospel Samurai,

I knew the purpose was to reach both unbelievers and Christians—those who did not know Jesus, so they could come to know Him and

learn from the Bible; and Christians, so their faith

could be strengthened. As I was writing, a question came to mind: In Japanese culture, are there people who serve

others or live as servants? Immediately, the samurai came to mind. The samurai followed a code

called Bushido—a code in which they served a

master, who would send them on different

missions. I use this same Bushido code in a similar way, but

this time the samurai serve Jesus, and it is Jesus Himself who sends them to rescue souls, which is

exactly what our Lord commanded us to do

according to Mark 16:15.

3. Legacy & Vision If you could leave one

spiritual or cultural

lesson for your readers through this

manga, what would it

be and why?

If I could leave one spiritual or cultural

lesson for my readers through this manga, it would definitely be my favorite

Bible verse: Isaiah 41:13 — “For I am the Lord your God who takes hold of your right hand and says to you,

Do not fear; I will help you.” Through that verse, I came to know the

Lord, and it always reminds me that whenever I feel afraid, no matter the circumstance, the Lord will always be with

me, helping me. It marked my life forever.

Whatever you may be going through—do

not be afraid.

La Fortaleza PR USA 🇵🇷 🇺🇸 March 2026 Issue 13

🧠 interview

Testimony CHRISTIAN FOCUS

and Calling

Clinical Psychology and Faith: Interview with Lic. Roxsanna Nivar

Dominican Republic

1. Conscious Faith Under Pressure Patrick’s captivity forced him into isolation, fear, and uncertainty— conditions we now know deeply affect the human mind. From a Christian psychology perspective, how can prolonged hardship become a catalyst for mental clarity and spiritual awakening rather than emotional collapse?

2.Discernment vs. Noise (Mind, Spirit,

and Thought) Patrick learned to distinguish God’s voice from fear, memory, and cultural pressure. How can believers today—surrounded by constant media, politics, and opinions— train their conscious mind to separate emotional impulses from Spirit-led discernment?

Even though we are in Christ, psychological and spiritual support is vital, since trials greatly weaken the person emotionally. Through this support and prayer, the patient will be helped to grow in faith and find mental clarity.

It is important in this time to always be connected to the things of the Kingdom, because by praying and meditating on His Word we will find peace and hear clearly how God wants to guide us. His Word, worship, and prayer will calm our minds.