---
source: Official - March 2026 La Fortaleza Magazine PR - Issue 13
language: EN
chunk: 3
date_processed: 20260601
words: 1198
source_url: https://heyzine.com/flip-book/8e856f3c95.html
---

3.The Mind as a Stewarded System At La Fortaleza, we often describe the human mind as a stewarded system—where thought, belief, and choice interact much like ordered processes at a subatomic level. How does renewing the mind (Romans 12:2) function psychologically, and why is discipline—not emotion—the key to long- term mental and spiritual stability?

A mind in Christ is renewed every single day, and through such a renewed mind, we shall attain true emotional stability. Discipline is vital because it will assist you in remaining constant in prayer and in the pursuit of God, especially since, depending on your emotions, you might otherwise be tempted to change your established disciplinary habits.

🎮 ⚛️ Quantum Discernment: Choose Your Adventure

A “Su Mente Consciente” Exercise

You’re placed in Patrick’s position—not ancient Ireland, but modern America. You’re a believer navigating:

Cultural tension Conflicting ideologies Emotional narratives Faith being misunderstood

A moment arises where you must respond.

You must choose ONE approach:

Choice A: You react emotionally, absorbing outrage, fear, and group pressure—your thoughts become entangled with external noise.

Choice B: You pause. You submit your thoughts to Scripture, regulate your emotions, and act with intentional restraint—choosing clarity over impulse.

Roxsanna’s Reflection Prompt: Which choice aligns with how the mind was designed by God to function—and how can believers practice this daily without withdrawing from society?

Chosen Option: Option B

Response:

to stop, pray, and let the Holy ghost guide us so that He takes dominion and control over the emotions that want to control our minds.

scious-Fits¥

.
*

= » ys ™
1% .

he

La Fortaleza PR USA 🇵🇷 🇺🇸 March 2026 Issue 13

🧠 interview Christian Psychologist & Life Coach: Interview with Lic. Antonia Martínez

CHRISTIAN FOCUS

1.Order Under Pressure: Patrick’s Mental Discipline Before Patrick became a missionary, he endured captivity, isolation, and mental strain. Instead of breaking, he developed discipline, prayer, and focus. How does sustained pressure reveal whether a person’s mind is governed by emotion or by order, and what can we learn from Patrick about training the mind before crisis hits?

Pressure shows that the person acts because they are feeling something inside, and according to how they feel, they will act no matter where they are or what they are doing. It is always important to think about it, analyze it, and question ourselves to know how to react to the emotion we are feeling. According to Patrick, the mind must be trained to handle crises, regardless of their nature, because different crises exist. Therefore, we must cultivate habits of discipline, calmness, and organization to be able to act effectively when a problem or situation arises.

Dominican Republic

2.Fitting In vs. Standing Firm Patrick returned to a culture that once harmed him—not to blend in, but to bring truth. From both Scripture and psychology, how can believers function in hostile or confusing environments without absorbing the mental chaos around them?

From the Bible, we can observe Daniel along with his companions Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. They were corrupted and obeyed the king's commandments and the wine of his people, coming to Babylon, where their environment was hostile and alien to God's laws. Making firm decisions. Knowing oneself, recognizing emotions and thoughts without ignoring them, and acting according to the behavioral values ​ we have learned and not just on impulse. Practicing empathy and respect for others. And finally, living with coherence, aligning decisions, emotions, and actions with mind, emotion, and good intentions, striving for positive relationships with others through intuition.

La Fortaleza PR USA 🇵🇷 🇺🇸 March 2026 Issue 13

Christian discipline offers values ​ such as prayer, patience, self-control, and forgiveness that help one find inner peace and purpose. Psychology, in particular, has techniques for managing stress, understanding emotions, and making better decisions.

3.Erratic Thoughts and Mental “Fits” Modern life produces emotional spikes, racing thoughts, and impulsive reactions— what many call “mental fits.” How do Christian discipline and scientific understanding work together to interrupt these moments and restore mental order before behavior goes off track?

🎮 Choose-Your-Adventure: ⚛️ Conscious-Fits: Quantum Discernment in Action

Scenario: In moments of pressure, the mind behaves much like a system under stress: what you observe, focus on, and agree with determines the outcome.

You’re placed in Patrick’s position—but today:

Cultural pressure increases Emotional narratives compete for attention You feel provoked to react

You must choose ONE approach: 👉 Response A You allow the strongest emotion to collapse your focus, reacting quickly and without correction. Outcome: Mental disorder increases, consequences multiply, and authority is lost.

👉 Response B You pause, submit the thought to Scripture, correct the impulse, and choose restraint. Outcome: Mental order is restored, authority increases, and influence expands.

Antonia’s Straight Talk: Which response strengthens the mind—and which trains it to malfunction?

I Choose Response B which strengthens the mind because it teaches control before reaction. Pausing, submitting the thought to Scripture, and correcting the impulse restores order and builds discipline. Response A trains the mind to malfunction, because emotion becomes the authority and reactions happen without reflection. In pressure, the trained mind chooses restraint — and restraint produces clarity, stability, and true authority.

scious-Fits¥

.
*

= » ys ™
1% .

he

On this occasion, I'd like to talk about the importance of making some lifestyle changes. By this, I mean that we need to make some adjustments to our daily lives. These changes consist of modifying bad habits to achieve a positive impact on our physical, mental, and social well-being. It's very important to take care of our diet, exercise, and avoid stress and anxiety.

It's a gradual process with defined goals. The objective is to prevent illness, improve quality of life, and achieve lasting vitality. There are harmful habits that affect the body and mind, and there are healthy habits that we should incorporate into our daily lives. We can live a healthy life if we avoid doing what we shouldn't.

40 habits that wear down your health,

both physically and mentally.

La Fortaleza PR USA 🇵🇷 🇺🇸 March 2026 Issue 13

1. Skipping breakfast. To start the day right, it's essential to consume sufficient nutrients and calories to maintain bodily functions. Skipping breakfast can lead to exhaustion, loss of concentration, and mental fatigue.

2. Smoking. Sadly, cigarettes kill cells in the respiratory system, cause cancer, and lead to emphysema, shortening lifespan.

3. Excessive alcohol consumption. Almost as serious as tobacco, alcohol has been linked not only to liver problems and the potential risk of addiction, but also to an increased risk of cancer.

4. Insufficient sleep. It's recommended to sleep between 6 and 8 hours a day. Sleeping less than this will not only make you feel worse the next day, but will also lead to a bad mood for the rest of the day.

5. Lack of physical activity. Spending all day sitting or lounging in a hammock without any physical activity is very detrimental to your health. It increases the risk of heart disease, as well as the likelihood of developing diabetes and hindering proper brain function.

6. Eating at all hours. Whether out of boredom, stress, or simply because temptation is nearby, eating at irregular hours is not uncommon.