---
source: Official - November 2025 La Fortaleza Magazine PR - Issue 9
language: EN
chunk: 1
date_processed: 20260601
words: 1161
source_url: https://heyzine.com/flip-book/5f8ccf2ce5.html
---

LOS 78' LOS 78' LOS 78'

An Email to Dave Ramsey for Help An Email to Dave Ramsey for Help

An Email to Dave Ramsey for Help

A Puerto Rican Pastor’s Plea for A Puerto Rican Pastor’s Plea for Financial Light in a Time of Spiritual F Financial Light in a Time of Spiritual Fog og

A Puerto Rican Pastor’s Plea for Financial Light in a Time of Spiritual Fog

By By Pastor Carlos “M.C. DaNova” Villanueva Cortes Jr II Pastor Carlos “M.C. DaNova” Villanueva Cortes Jr II

By Pastor Carlos “M.C. DaNova” Villanueva Cortes Jr II

An Email to Dave Ramsey for Help A Puerto Rican Pastor’s Plea for Financial Light in a Time of Spiritual Fog

By Pastor Carlos “M.C. DaNova” Villanueva Cortes Jr II

In early September, while the Caribbean heat pressed against the windows of my small apartment in Mayagüez, I sat at my desk with a burden on my heart. Our island—United States soil, yet often treated like a distant cousin— continued to struggle under layers of financial fragility, generational uncertainty, and, yes, what I believe is unrecognized spiritual warfare. That afternoon, I opened my laptop and wrote an email. Not just any email— an email to Dave Ramsey. I wrote as a pastor, a teacher, a Puerto Rican, and a believer in practical wisdom guided by biblical truth. I wrote not simply for myself, but for the island I love.

The Island That Feels Off the Radar

Puerto Rico is part of the United States, yet in national conversations it often feels invisible—overshadowed, misunderstood, or politically miscategorized. And spiritually, I’ve long sensed something deeper. I wrote to Dave that there is a fixed direction—a kind of misaligned “bearing” in the way the United States conceptualizes Latin America. Mexico’s geopolitical challenges dominate the conversation, especially around immigration. Because of that, Puerto Rico is rarely seen as the legitimate U.S. ally for the Spanish-speaking world, even though we are American citizens with a foot in two worlds. At the same time, our own people wrestle with unhelpful whispers of independence, fueled by the same ideological errors that once destabilized Cuba. These ideas distract us from practical progress and JESUS-centered stewardship. To me, this is not just economics. This is spiritual interference. And so, I wrote.

The Financial Crisis Nobody Talks About

I laid out the data plainly—data that is rarely highlighted on mainstream U.S. platforms:‌

47% of Puerto Rican adults are financially fragile, compared to 30% on the mainland‌( NBC News )‌.‌ 39% spend more than they earn, double the U.S. average‌( The Weekly Journal )‌.‌ Emergency savings and retirement readiness lag far behind the states‌( News Is My Business )‌. And natural disasters intensify everything. Yet Puerto Rico isn't hopeless. There is opportunity.‌

Our household debts, on average, are lower than the mainland’s( Federal Reserve Bank of New York )‌.‌ One-third of the island identifies as Protestant, offering a trusted network for biblically grounded education‌( Pew Research Center )‌.‌ And Puerto Ricans deeply respect faith, discipline, and practical teaching —values that align perfectly with the Ramsey message. This is why I told Dave Ramsey something bold: Puerto Rico could be the most strategic place in the Western Hemisphere to expand Spanish-language biblical financial education. Not just as a market— as a mission field.

The Proposal: A Partnership of Light The Proposal: A Partnership of Light

The Proposal: A Partnership of Light

I asked for something both humble and ambitious: I asked for something both humble and ambitious:

I asked for something both humble and ambitious:

1.Permission to translate Ramsey content into Spanish, legally and Permission to translate Ramsey content into Spanish, legally and professionally. professionally. 2.A discounted licensing model, acknowledging our economic reality. A discounted licensing model, acknowledging our economic reality. 3.The chance to produce a sample episode, culturally adapted and The chance to produce a sample episode, culturally adapted and high-quality, for their review. high-quality, for their review.

1.Permission to translate Ramsey content into Spanish, legally and

professionally. 2.A discounted licensing model, acknowledging our economic reality. 3.The chance to produce a sample episode, culturally adapted and

high-quality, for their review.

Not as bootleg translators. Not as bootleg translators. Not as pirates of intellectual property. Not as pirates of intellectual property. But as servants, partners, and believers in stewardship. But as servants, partners, and believers in stewardship.

Not as bootleg translators. Not as pirates of intellectual property. But as servants, partners, and believers in stewardship.

I explained that Puerto Rico’s churches are ready—ready to distribute I explained that Puerto Rico’s churches are ready—ready to distribute trustworthy ﬁnancial tools, ready to teach families how to budget trustworthy ﬁnancial tools, ready to teach families how to budget biblically, and ready to empower the next generation to break biblically, and ready to empower the next generation to break generational poverty. generational poverty. But we need a guide. But we need a guide.

I explained that Puerto Rico’s churches are ready—ready to distribute trustworthy financial tools, ready to teach families how to budget biblically, and ready to empower the next generation to break generational poverty. But we need a guide.

“Please Consider Becoming Our “Please Consider Becoming Our Financial Mentor” Financial Mentor”

“Please Consider Becoming Our‌ Financial Mentor”

At the heart of the email was a plea—a sincere, pastoral request: At the heart of the email was a plea—a sincere, pastoral request:

At the heart of the email was a plea—a sincere, pastoral request:

“Please consider becoming our ﬁnancial guide into the modern age.” “Please consider becoming our ﬁnancial guide into the modern age.”

“Please consider becoming our financial guide into the modern age.”

Be Be cause on this island, the battle is not only economic. cause on this island, the battle is not only economic.

Be‌cause on this island, the battle is not only economic.‌

It’s spiritual. It’s spiritual. It’s cultural. It’s cultural. It’s generational. It’s generational.

It’s spiritual.‌ It’s cultural.‌ It’s generational.

Puerto Rico needs voices of clarity, wisdom, and biblical grounding. Puerto Rico needs voices of clarity, wisdom, and biblical grounding. And few voices in America carry that combination like Dave Ramsey. And few voices in America carry that combination like Dave Ramsey. I didn’t write to ask for money. I didn’t write to ask for money.

Puerto Rico needs voices of clarity, wisdom, and biblical grounding. And few voices in America carry that combination like Dave Ramsey. I didn’t write to ask for money.

I wrote to ask for multiplication— I wrote to ask for multiplication— that the seeds of their decades of work might be planted in Spanish- that the seeds of their decades of work might be planted in Spanish- speaking soil ready for harvest. speaking soil ready for harvest.

I wrote to ask for multiplication— that the seeds of their decades of work might be planted in Spanish- speaking soil ready for harvest.

A New Chapt A New Chapt er for Puerto Rico er for Puerto Rico

A New Chapt‌er for Puerto Rico