And now, ladies and gentlemen, get ready, get set, and get discerned on.
Whose hand is it?
Join us today as we test the skills of two contestants in the War of Life.
Can they tell who Satan is?
Can they tell who Jesus is?
Well, let's find out.
And don't forget, both the loser and winner get the go home.
Well, we're back.
And these two boneheads are still here.
Last game show, Brittany went first and escaped Mr. Hook by just a moment or so.
Brittany learned the importance of considering
a sinful lifestyle as a non-free speech.
According to Jehovah God, if that rings a bell in your ear, this week, Anthony is
guaranteed first try at the prize and putting a score on the board.
What do you think, Brittany?
I got made fun of by my grandma.
She reassured me that all hookers and pork greens
are all going to hell if they don't repent.
Uh, yeah.
Did your grandma discover electricity?
Because she found the right circuit.
Anthony, you're here to play.
Alright, Anthony, here's your chance to earn big bucks.
Not to mention, show us if you can tell if God or the devil is guiding your life.
Now remember, you did exactly three times to discern whose
hand is responsible for the picture you're about to decipher.
And don't forget, try not to get into a predicament with Mr. Hook.
I'm excited about participating in this game show.
And my hope is that the message of conscious Christianity may be spread.
Normally, I don't mind playing the humble role.
But tonight, I'm with the Lion of Judah.
Get ready.
Go!
Alright, here we go.
Looks familiar.
Maybe celebrity.
Definitely television.
Is it Evangelist Billy Graham?
Well, nevertheless, I'm blessed.
You know, people, when you're working, you use the tools God gives you.
You don't wonder about it.
You act.
And at that rate, give me convenience.
Well, pretty early on, the use of convenience.
You sure, Anthony?
Going once, going twice.
I'm not only sure, pal, but I'm conscious about it.
Now we're getting somewhere.
That's not Brother Billy Graham, nor Brother Jimmy Swagger.
Hurry up, Anthony.
You don't want to get the hook, do ya?
I'll tell ya, buddy.
This is all exciting and exhilarating, and I should be nervous.
But that Jesus Christ blood makes me stood.
Well, Anthony, whose hand is it?
That is no other than our 45th Pastor President, Donald Trump.
Therefore, I'm certain that's the hand of Jesus Christ.
No hook, points on the board, money in your pocket, whoo, flies through pocket.
The devil might try, but he'll never stop it.
Bob, are you... What's the money on the board?
Anthony, you cleared the stage.
You answered correctly.
Donald John Trump was not only elected president and inaugurated on January 2017,
but more importantly, united by Christians, filled with God's holy ghost.
Great job, Anthony.
Nice way to break down the clues.
Britney, don't lose hope.
There's another round coming up, but you may want to take for your
grandma's advice and lose all the baloney, volcanic programming nonsense.
It's killing your spirit, dear.
Beware.
I watch this show all the time.
I practice a conscious perspective in real life.
You have to be prepared for both Satan's hand and the hand of Jesus.
Great game show concept, brother.
I'm ready and able, brother.
Just say the word.
Okay, Anthony.
Always interesting when a Christian plays this game.
Oh!
You know that sound.
Time's up.
But we'll keep recording.
But you out there, catch us next time on America's Most Realistic Game Show,
where you might just wake up, bonehead.
See your local TV guide for the broadcast.
Thanks for playing.
Whose hand is it?
So what's this house say?
Watch out for Mr. Halt.
Watch out for Mr. Halt.
Watch out for Mr. Halt.
My three children.
I love you.
They're up in Chicago, up north.
It's so cold.
And all I got to say is put your coats on.
I'll be there soon.
And we're going to dive right into this thing.
Hallelujah like polar bears.
And we're going to dive right into this thing.
Hallelujah.
And the word that the Lord gave me, what he was telling
me, what he was training me today was the word gang rape.
And I said, gang rape?
He said, gang rape?
I said, gang rape?
That's pretty disgusting.
Isn't that where they pull a train?
Like on one female, like a bunch of guys.
Isn't that pretty disgusting?
And God said, it's not that type of gang rape.
He said, have you ever been on a corner?
God told you this.
You've ever been in a corner in your life, in a situation, in one of those current
scenarios, those people, places and things.
And you're like stuck.
And you're like, you know what?
I just run out of gas.
What do I do now?
I'm so frustrated.
I got to use the washroom.
How do I get out of this thing?
I'm going to jump out of this car.
Whoa!
I almost got hit by a car.
Has that ever happened to you?
Of course that's happened to everybody.
How many people haven't died that way?
I said, yeah, I have a friend that died something like that.
Believe it or not.
He said, that's the gang rape.
And then I stood still and he put the image in my mind.
And I was like, whoa!
Praise the name of Jesus Christ.
What a breakthrough.
What a breakthrough ministry.
We got to share this thing because I'm a tattletale for Christ.
The Lord says, what is said in the ear, scream it from on top of the house.
Where's my go horn?
So praise the name of Jesus Christ.
What we're looking at here is basically a clique of demons that are surrounding
people's lives and manifesting around their life.
You know, a legion of spirits and what are they doing?
They're targeting sports like a pack of wolves.
But the blood of Jesus has authority.
And I asked God, I said, well, how do I describe that?
And he said one word, three syllables.
I said, okay, Columbine, mass murder, young kids, punks, acting like they're
Chuck Norris and Bruce Lee fighting in a Coliseum.
What's going on?
He said, look at it.
So I started looking at it and I'm like, do, do, do, do.
I feel like I'm playing a video game.
This is a video game.
And God said, exactly.
And you know what?
We're watching.
We're watching spirits, programming and agenda.
A people, a place, a theme into people.
The scenarios, not only the murderers, but the teachers, the police officers.
We're watching the whole current scenario being programmed.
It's called gang rape.
They push these kids over the edge to do what for
them to come into a spiritual agreement with what?
Murder.
So I said, well, Lord, what else?
Where else do we see this?
And God says, I got a, I got one syllable for you.
I said, which one, which one?
And he said, no, Joe.
I said, Joe.
He says, yeah.
He says that man's house was vanished.
They blew that man's house up.
He said, what else?
They killed his kids.
They killed his farm animals.
They gave him hallelujah.
They gave him sips all over him.
What's going on?
And he said, well, that was a gang rape.
They gang raped that man's life.
I said, praise the Lord.
They can't wait that man's current scenario.
He says, that's right, kid.
They gang rape his current scenario.
Tell the public.
I said, well, we're going to do that.
This is a breakthrough ministry.
We're going to do that.
So look at Joe.
Look at it like a people, a place, a theme.
And you're going to see a gang rape ripping in the bow.
Bibliico en español.
Bibliico, so con dolomo se kende.
Hallelujah.
Hallelujah.
I said, well, what else then?
Pyramids.
I said, yeah, I know those pyramids.
Man, how did they move those rocks?
What's going on?
He said, don't worry about the rocks.
He said, look at the Mayan civilization.
I said, okay, the Mayan civilization.
What do I see?
What do I see?
You see it right there?
You see it right there?
You see it right there?
It's a basketball.
He says, that's not a basketball.
That's not a basketball.
That's a sport.
They used to do this type of basketball game in the Mayan civilization.
And spirits, hallelujah, activated this.
And they learned and they constructed the rules of the game and how to push and
perpetuate a program of manifestation in people's lives to cause
them to think in a way, to act in a way, to react in a way.
Cause, effect, get hit by a car.
Cause, and effect, cheat on your wife.
Cause, and effect, pick up that joint.
Cause, and effect, do another line.
So, cause, and effect, sin, drag them to hell.
And when they score, it's because those people are committing a sin.
And that is what a gang rape is.
If we think about basketball and we see the way they throw signs, the triangle
orphans, we see Shaq, we see Kobe, we see how successful they are.
We see the defense, the offense.
Imagine them being invisible and that you're the bomb.
And that is a gang rape.
Now is the time to wake up your neighbor.
How?
By becoming a Race to 3000 contributor.
Jesus told us to first build a family of 3000
brothers and sisters contributing just $1 per month.
Now is the time to wake up your neighbor.
How?
By wearing ready and able merchandise.
Jesus told us to eliminate Cain from Abel, thus breaking the curse.
Now is the time to wake up your neighbor.
How?
How?
By adding our song, Romans 8, by Danova to your playlist, including Spotify,
iHeartRadio, Pandora, Apple Music, YouTube Music, or your preferred music player.
Jesus told us to produce creative music and movies based on his word, the Holy Bible.
Now is the time to wake up your neighbor.
Now is the time to wake up your neighbor.
How?
Faith, Music, and Movies is the production house for Conscious Culture Now.
We are a Jacksonville, Florida-based holy doctrine Christian fundamental ministry
with our conscious mentality deliverance concepts across three main spectrums.
Taking back entertainment, taking back education, and taking back business,
thus taking back our family for the Lord Jesus Christ.
But with discernment to create yet unprovoked established institutions,
but rather allow Jehovah God's Holy Spirit to create a genre
focused entirely on an anti-transgressory spiritual stance.
So how can I help?
You can access our handy Tidley app from your smartphone or from any internet device.
Text the word GIVE to 321-978-0510.
Or... Visit faith.org and click the Conscious Culture Now fundraiser link.
There you will find information on our fundraiser campaign entitled The Race to 3000.
Simply click our green GIVE button and use our safe
and convenient Tidley app to process your payment.
Please check the recurring box in the Tidley app to confirm your Race to 3000
monthly contributor membership or simply add a one-time GIVE.
Simply click STORE to access our growing
ready-enabled merchandise product line brand.
Click MUSIC, go to Romans 8 and click FREE and enter your email to download our first
song release of a brand new holy genre style God Cause interpreting glorification.
Stay conscious by connecting to our social sites
on Facebook, YouTube, Twitter and Instagram etc.
Just click the favicon of your choice.
Now is the time to wake up your neighbor.
Tell them we are in a war of consciousness and this war
will only end when souls are no longer being cast into hell.
Faith, music and movies is a tiny Christian ministry with holy big ideas.