Thanks for watching! Today's verse, John 3, 16 of the King James, our topic, friendship. Kristen Lee Lauria. You have made me a better person because of your presence in my life. You are my best friend, Kristen. And I am overjoyed to start this new journey with you. Marcus David Johns, the moment I met you, I knew I was in for the most beautiful adventure. We have chosen each other and fought for each other. And today and the rest of my days, I will choose this life of adventure with you. I will serve the Lord. Marriage is the same way. We get almost no training, and then we just walk into it expecting it to be good. So ideally, our marriage would look like this, a very healthy, thriving plant. Ideally, this is what our marriage would look like. But unfortunately, if we're honest, a lot of us, our marriages look like that. I will serve my spouse. ever get married? Should we move in together? You may have a lot of questions about your walk with God, so let's talk about it. hello and welcome to another lamor in christ video these people are making moves and they are shining their light bright for the kingdom of god and after talking to them about possible topics that i would be talking about what stuck was raising kingdom-minded children i will serve my child Ha ha ha! Thank you. I will serve my house Hey guys, I'm Yaog, and recently I found out that my wife's been cheating on me. Yep. Great, right? Right here, where she's walking this way, usually she walks this way. Here she is waiting at the intersection. Here she is taking her hair out. Gotta make yourself look pretty! Gotta make yourself look pretty for the guy you're about to cheat on your husband with, right? Now she walks across the street, and this guy is hiding behind the, uh, the CVS. There he is! There's the guy that my wife is cheating on me with. There it goes! Boom! 18 years! Gone! 18 years! Gone! 18 years and you're just thrown away like that. I will serve my friend. Boy. Come on. Results are evident in just a few short weeks. I'm dreaming. While humanity sleeps, I go to enthrall. Praise the Lord! You're home again! Current Scenarios Today with your host, Pastor DeNova, and of course the Holy Spirit of Jehovah God, the Great Counselor, the one that gives me the information, and then I try to do the best I can to deliver it on Current Scenarios Today. And you know, I just want to say to my 3 little babies. They're not little babies. yeah, they're not little babies, they're all grown up now, they're taller than me. praise the Lord, but I still love you. and you know, today I want to say Happy Thanksgiving. you know, that's one of the holidays that I buy into. you know, I really do. and the reason is because it reminds America about who its forefathers were: the real 4 forefathers, hallelujah, not the secret society mess, but not the negative programmers, but the real forefathers of this country, who were pilgrims. matter of fact, they were separatists. they were rebellious for christ. they were people who wanted freedom of religion. and how did? how do these rebels are? you know? they're so rebel, like you know these pilgrims. you know they're so rebellious that what do they do? they extend their table right to indigenous people, who who could have been considered a threat? but when the holy spirit is in charge, all of that is wiped away. all of that angst and that fear, you know, is all wiped away, and what remains is people hungry, people eating turkey. you know, you know, and they're talking and they're communicating their scene. maybe there's some benefit to this right. and another example: the perfect friendship, of course, is Jesus. you know Jesus left everything to come down and to get into this bonehead skin of ours. right to do what? to create a perpetuate hallelujah, a salvation for Jew and Gentile, you know. and how people miss that don't understand. that is who we want to be. you know, one time I was speaking to the Lord. cuz the Lord talks to us, you people gotta get with the program. you know that the Christian, the Holy Spirit program came there in the show, and you know what father told me. this is. you know why people are all sexed up. you know why there are drug and charged up, And you know why they're buying witchcraft and all this garbage, Pastor DeNova, And I'm going to tell you why. son, I said why You're talking to me. Am I listening to this? And I was. And you know what he says. He says all of these people have it wrong. What they want to be like is my son. They want to be like my son And they don't quite understand. They want to be who, like they, were created by. So you know. Jesus said to people. he said: don't you know that you are like gods? you know, and people are stunned when they say that. And a lot of baloney mystics, they'll be like: oh, you see, he says we are like gods. So, Mother Earth and blah, blah and Gaia, and shut your mouth, shut your face. Don't confuse people, you negative programmer, We rebuke you. We are standing together with the Holy Spirit. Bendito es el nombre de Cristo. We will live forever and our soul form, and not in this, not in this game. this thing passes, hallelujah, but our soul will live forever. choose Christ, choose repentance. that's how you get to take advantage of that grace, that sacrifice that Jesus is, Jesus, the ark, the ark, the ark. praise the Lord. get on the boat, get it on the boat, hallelujah, the boat of salvation, hallelujah. and so, praise the Lord. that is a perfect example of friendship. and that's what those people that are negatively programmed, that's what they're chasing. that's the carrot on the head, you know. that's what Satan has tensed him with. they don't understand what it is he takes. he derives some essence of that and tricks people and then sends them for years at a time. I was lost for years at a time, till the Lord recovered me and showed me a trace unit of what I really am, and I fell in love with the Christ and I let him wash my feet as he washed my feet. that's how I became me again, you know, because when you're born again, you have the fruits of the spirit, and those are the good, uh, essence, nature of what you really are, a god's essence, nature. and then the world comes and just paints you, paints you from head to toe with a bunch of baloney that you have to dialogue with. this is good, this is evil. you know satan one-on-one, And he just tries to throw religion at you, tries to sell sex, tries to throw drugs, violence tries to throw sports, tries to throw film tries to throw all this judgmental stuff that a lot of times, people are standing there and they're good, but they are giving a false message. and we're eating this, we're eating this and we've got to deal with this. And Satan knows the game. He's the master, He's the father of lies, And so what this show tries to do is to counter that, to give you a one-on-one approach so that you can understand the way that this construct works And the way that we've been able to teach this is with something called current scenarios. And, believe it or not, current has a connotation with amperage. Amperage is the flow of electrons through a pipe. I'm going to leave it there. basically, when we talk about current scenarios, what we're trying to esteem, what we're trying to release, is just a simple, simple grouping of icons, And they are people, places and things. And we look in the Old Testament and we continuously see that God is always said to be the Lord of Hosts. And a host is the interface. it's almost like the glue. it's almost like the software in a computer. that makes your keyboard make sense to your fingers, that makes something approach on the monitor. you know that. make something approach on the monitor, that make something come out of your speakers that you can relate to. and so this is what the host is. it's the Lord of hosts. and so when Israel went into war, they were unbeatable, when they were obedient because God would go ahead of them. who's gonna step up that hello? you know No false imitation God can try to overcome or overwhelm or outsmart the God that gives it everything. It's impossible. So this is why they were so victorious King David, so victorious Solomon for a long time, so very victorious, so very wise. And so, with current scenarios today, we're going to break it down again into people, places and things. and we're going to start with people. the lord is showing me something he said: use what they know. don't worry, son, your holy doctrine, be unashamed. get out there, make them confident, tell them not to be scared, tell them to use what they've learned and use it against the enemy. so we're gonna use a popular tv sitcom, something like mash, sometimes like something like like uh, seinfeld, Something hallelujah, mi alma, te alaba, Padre hallelujah, like survivor. But the one that we're going to stick to with the topic, our topic of friendship, is friends. And so we're going to look at a program here. These are basic VHS cassettes that are put into your mind and then you regurgitate them. If you're Christian, you might have a break. You might say gonna act, that I'm not gonna buy into that. but people who don't know any better, because they see people smiling, they see some of the fruits of the Spirit we hear about in Galatians, they start to see and agree with what they're seen and they get programmed and they get lost in this thing and they don't know that there's a spiritual transfer going into their soul, rapping into their spirit, their character, their personality, and then forget about it. if you tell them about Christ, I like what. don't tell me about christ. you hater, you know, and you're like it's like trying to wake up a sleeping bear. it's like you know, so very problematic for them. for us. we're free already and i can, you know, basically walk anywhere i can, i go, and it's almost like the spirit world. they know who you are and they're like: ah, don't do it right now, turn, turn it down, turn it down. here comes this maniac for christ. you know this. here comes this cop, you know, but praise the lord anywhere. so we're just going to look again: people, places and things. we're going to start here, hallelujah, with people, and we're going to see something that probably you've seen a lot of times, but not in this filter, not in the reality filter, hallelujah, not in the light of christ, and we're going to show you what a program looks like. so here we go. praise the lord. You are falling fast asleep, deeper, deeper, deeper. You are now completely asleep. You don't need to smoke, Cigarettes, don't control you. You are a strong, confident woman that does not need to smoke. A strong, confident woman. You know, I forgot the combination of this about a year ago. I just carry it around any chapstick. uh yeah, hey, how are those tapes working out for you? you know what? pretty good, good, i haven't smoked yet today. i feel great and and confident. that is a stunning blouse, Here you go. Thanks. Okay, Mon, Let's give Pete a chance. Come on. he was funny, He seems really nice And that check thing was adorable. What check thing. As a joke. this customer at work who has a crush on me gave me a twenty thousand dollar tip- His number's- on the check. He just did it. so I'd call Pete Becker. Pete, Is this him? That's Bill Clinton. What you're watching is season 3, episode eighteen and 66 overall of the popular sitcom Friends. This episode is called The One with the Hypnosis Tape. It was originally aired on March. 13th, 19, 97: What Satanists programmed was an event that would take place later in the near future. that affected everyone. A political scandal broke, including then President Bill Clinton and his intern, Monica Lewinsky, having a sexual affair. What the Holy Spirit revealed is that essentially Eventually, Satan was duping the country in order for 2 main objectives to be achieved. One is to check the level of alertness of the population. The second is that human triune beings need to agree, even if laughing at a sitcom, in order for a current scenario to stick to reality. Is this him? That's Bill Clinton. Who's he hugging? Oh, my God. That's Pete. Why is Bill hugging Pete? This guy embedded Moss865. Every office in the world uses that program. We use it. There you go. Oh, my God. Monica's gonna go out with a millionaire. No, I'm not gonna go out with him. Why not? He is a millionaire. So? Oh, my God. I can't believe this is a real twentythousanddollar Jericho. This is just so exciting. Or incredibly offensive. Well, yeah, sure, that too. What? It's safe to come out. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. The fire of the Holy Spirit cleaned that programming. So, you know, we're moving straight ahead. We're going straight forward to cleanse our mind. And I asked the Lord, I said, Father God, What are we going to tell them now about a place? You know, people, places, and things. We're talking about a place. And he says, use my son, the perfect example of a friend. And I go, okay, I'm game. Let's do that. And tell them about when I revealed that my son is a boat. And you know, when God revealed that to me, it took me a while to get it. It was so obvious. I was listening to his voice, but I was so duped. I was so programmed. My eyes were so covered up that I couldn't see, basically, that Jesus is a boat. and you know i thought he was part of the orion astronomical you know condition in the sky it was a way that was in my mind embedded i was told that the cross was just like what the tomb of the pharaoh was in the pyramid, the great pyramid right next to the Sphinx in Egypt. So I was like, wow, that's weird. Why does Jesus so resemble this? But that was a Satan's lie. It was nothing more than a powerful program that has decimated the youth that destroyed a whole generation. But Jesus came and he came with his tears and he with his hair and he wiped my mind. And I was able to see clearly the son of David. And you know what we were able to notice in communication with the holy spirit was essentially the following that jesus came and that when he came there was a sure sign in the sky who else travels with a sign in the sky but a pilot guiding a boat and i said that's right father god that's right and then he told me son you know when there was a storm and the disciples were there they were freaked out screaming for mercy and they said jesus help us and jesus woke up and he's like i'm sorry here shut who else is so confident during a storm but an experienced veteran pilotsman of a ship a shipmate that's right that's right that makes sense that's a boat he said that's right my son is a boat keep going ask me i said what what and he says who walked on water Who walked on water? Jesus walked on water and there was a boat there. And he was like, that's right. There was a boat full of Jews there. And he says, and what happened? I go, well, there must have been a boat. So he must be a boat. He says, go deeper. And he says, who walked? I go, Jesus. Jesus. What else walks on a boat, water? And he says boat walks on water that's right and bam a thousand years of a program fell fell fell in my mind and i was that's right he walked he's a boat i go that's right he's the ark the ark of noah i go praise the lord he says who was baptized in water and what was the current scenario in the old testament that it really looked like i go the holy spirit coming down like a dove and hovering over jesus in front of John the Baptist, and it had to do with water, just like when it was saved to come out. When Noah, when the boat was ready and the water was received, he says, right, son, but what else? And he goes, look at the cross. And I started to look at the cross. I got excited. I'm looking at the cross. I don't see it. I don't see it. And he says, look at it. i looked at it all of a sudden he painted the ark noah's ark and i go i see it i see a boat and he says look at it and i couldn't get it and god says look really closely you see that wood that wood it represents the wood that noah used to build that boat where those animals that represent gentiles where those jews that represent the adamites came on into that boat, those Jewish family, those animals, they're basically Jesus, Jesus, that cross, that cross, that cross is a pylon, it's a frame, it's the same lumber that the ark was made out Their current scenarios. Jesus came and hung on the cross. For what? To represent the ark. That's what we have to get on. I go, oh my God. program. All of the victimization. All of the paintings. All of the cartoons. All of the rap music. All of the garbage. All of the rock music. All of the Led Zeppelin. All of the ACDC. all of the porn all of the the the the masonics all of the witches all of the the false religions all of the capitalism was wiped out of my mind this is not orion this is a boat this cross means a pylon a ship part a framework on a boat he's my father says yes like oh i get it praise the lord i'm released i'm delivered he says what else he says you're Jesus was allowed to be pierced. And I go, that's right. And he says, what come out? I said, blood and water. Water, son. He says, don't focus on the blood. He says, focus on the water. I go, what about it? He goes, what else do you pierce? Drops water. And Father, God said, a boat. And now for my closing summary. Friendship-based and emotion in a world where Satan compromised Adam and Eve is the cause for the effect of not only biblical misinterpretation, but a constant redistribution of the simplicity of love. The key to ending this emotional flutter is captured in the stark revelation Jesus spoke in conversation with Nicodemus. it's found in john 316 of the king james version and it goes like this for god so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life you see god gave himself to you in that you may accept him while experiencing free will you.