IN
THE BEGINNING GOD CREATED THE HEAVENS AND THE
EARTH And the earth was formless and empty.
And waters and darkness was over the face of the deep.
And the Spirit of God was hovering over the waters.
And God said, let there be light.
And there was light.
God saw that the light was good, and he separated the light from the darkness.
God called the light day, and the darkness he called night.
And there was evening, and there was morning the first day.
The Conscious Mentality by Carlos de Nova Villanueva
This film is not asking for your sympathy.
This film is about asking for your intelligent
dissemination of an unrecognized logic.
This film plants the seeds of understanding of a relational law.
The counterpart can be understood like Einstein's E equals mc square.
That equation changed the world's view and the potential of energy.
Conscious Mentality is about to change the world again.
This mental logic defines our spiritual system.
No one who understands it can ever be the same again.
No
one who understands it can ever be the same again.
Cause has an effect.
The effect for a human is variable.
This is true when encountering scenarios based in our reality.
We are a variable calculating system.
We are a variable calculating system.
We are a variable calculating system.
Imagine a pilot gliding through the total darkness.
Nothing essential is changed and the movement is unaltered by the current visibility.
Now imagine a new source of reference allows
the pilot to see more detail of his environment.
Now the pilot has the choice of avoiding certain rise and dips in pressure.
This pressure is nothing new.
This pressure is a part of our reality.
It has always been there.
When I started, I mentioned this film is not asking for your sympathy.
I am now going to express my own personal encounter with unconscious mentality.
In short, I was raised in a migrant household whereas my father and mother
resembled many integrating couples into Chicago land.
I witnessed a barrage of emotional unbalance caused by an unstable marriage.
My neighborhood was in Little Village, Chicago.
This time and place was under a tremendous shift in political societal upheaval.
My neighborhood was impoverished.
Gangs and drugs were a staple of the makeup of the
current scenarios constantly occurring on my block.
My childhood was blared by a constant edge of the
rest brought upon by the feeling of being hunted.
I survived by adopting personality glitches which are associated with our
flight function and the character of humans.
This polarization of my spirit caused collapsing points
which I memorized and which I adopted to any sense of stress.
This insecurity was dragged along my
self-expression until the year 2015 when I woke up.
The rules governing unconscious mentality are not new.
Psychologists have been aware for a very long time
that stress embarks quirks in personality disorders.
The part of this groundbreaking is the assembling of several beams of knowledge
which are now being used to shed light on previously unrecognized thought patterns.
As attached to the understanding of our mind embrace and refract stressed scenarios.
Simply put, human thought patterns are in constant flux and the directional path is
subject to both internal and non-directional paths.
And external dynamics.
This is prefaced by several key facts associated with this new understanding.
The following are the elements which when believed will
cause the individual to be within a conscious mental state.
Firstly, we were designed by... God.
Secondly, we are skin covered... souls.
Now, let's look at our interpreting gauges which alert our conscious mind but cannot
be made aware if not for a constant belief that it exists.
What exists are the effects caused by the senses
we inherently use to interpret our reality.
If you were to eat a greasy cheeseburger or drink two tall
glasses of vodka then you would have to deal with this.
Your tummy would ache and your head would hurt.
It'd be dehydrated.
The same law applies to our other four senses too.
This fact is very important to be conscious of.
For instance, if I hurt violence then I would need to deal with it.
If I seen sex, I would need to deal with it.
If I stowed something, I would need to deal with it.
If I smelled marijuana, I would need to deal with it.
So dealing with our five sense interface is the focus.
How do you deal with these types of agitations?
Do you fall apart or do you walk on by?
There is an old expression which says, we have thick skin.
This means that a person is not emotionally sensitive.
But imagine a child, like I was when I was
interpreting the experience in Little Village.
I lost time.
I could not withstand the winds of challenge.
Many kids cannot adjust to these abrupt pressure
differences in the path of their life's journey.
Where are you going?
What are you taking too long?
Where are you going?
Just jump off!
Why you took like 30 seconds to jump off?
What are you doing?
Stop going back up!
So many kids take a deep tour and lose the original path.
God has turned it for their life.
Carlos!
Carlos!
You're failing!
You're failing!
You already took a minute!
A minute and a half!
How did you jump off?
You just jumped off!
You're not!
Hurry up!
How did you jump off?
Just jump!
It's because my pants are going to get stuck.
No, they're not!
They end up making bad decisions based on a quirk
associated with a stress point experienced in their life.
I come all back!
Rather than a founded choice, delineating the attributes to a successful climate.
But
the most important thing to understand is that children are more susceptible to the
ability to sense and quantify the results of the sense-altering
dilemmas which embark mishaps in life developments.
Whereas the so-called thick-skinned are not so easily read.
The fact is that everyone is dealing with life and the five
senses act as a floodgate for data that no one can escape.
This is the second sentence.
Some people just have a better distributed circuit in their life's connection points
as to limit the damage to their overall concept of reality.
This means that an impoverished child may be more likely to end up living under a
bridge than a yuppie if exposed to a tornado.
So how can we achieve conscious mentality?
Remember learning to float in a pool of water?
It's the same lesson.
But this lesson involves learning to float within life's data processing.
The third understanding, which is necessary to accomplish the conscious
mind, involves a world we are not all familiar with.
This world is spiritual.
It's not religious and there is no college nor
society to join in order to become a member.
Your natural human self automatically includes a self
and is being affected regardless of your status in life.
The third belief is built upon the life and parables of Jesus.
In Matthew 14 22 through 33, the Bible recounts the
story of when Jesus walks on water in the storm.
Why
did he walk away just when we're getting strong?
Surely a messiah wouldn't leave us like this.
A messiah should be a warrior, a conqueror like David.
Judas, force is not the way.
So tell me what the way of messiah is.
He's different.
But Mary, what if he's not the one?
We're risking our lives.
For what?
He has shown us his power.
We must have faith in him.
Come on.
He'll not fail us.
He said he'd meet us on the other side.
Let's go!
The wind and water represent pressurized fear.
Bring your sails down!
Fear is one of the main objections to conscious mentality.
He walked us across!
No, Thomas!
This storm pressure is working against the calmness of the mind.
It's Jesus!
He is the messiah.
The Bible recounts Jesus called to Peter to walk on the water within the storm.
Peter.
Peter!
Don't be afraid.
Come.
Peter was able to walk on the water as well, linked to Jesus.
But then, Peter noticed the storm surge and was overcome by fear.
Peter sunk.
Jesus saves Peter and places him onto the boat.
This is why Jesus is the third understanding.
Peter!
Peter, you of little faith,
you need to be strong.
In John 14.6 of the King James Version, the Bible recounts Jesus said unto him,
I am the way, the truth, and the life.
No man cometh unto the Father but by me.
There exists no other way of achieving conscious
mentality except being linked to Jesus.
This is the end of the verse.
Matthew 24.
Jesus left the temple and was walking away.
When his disciples came up to him to call his attention to its buildings,
do you see all these things?
He asked.
I tell you the truth.
Not one stone here will be left on another.
Everyone will be thrown down.
As Jesus was sitting on the Mount of Olives, the disciples came to him privately.
Tell us, they said, When will this happen?
And what will be the sign of your coming and of the end of the age?
Jesus answered, Watch out that no one deceives you.
For many will come in my name, claiming, I am the Christ, and will deceive many.
You will hear of wars and rumors of wars, but see to it that you are not alarmed.
Such things must happen but the end is still to come.
Nation will rise against nation and kingdom against kingdom.
There will be famines and earthquakes in various places.
All these are the beginning of birth pains.
Then you will be handed over to be persecuted and put to
death, and you will be hated by all nations because of me.
At that time many will turn away from the faith and will betray and hate each other.
And many false prophets will appear and deceive
many people because of the increase of wickedness.
The love of most will grow cold.
But he who stands firm to the end will be saved.
And this gospel of the kingdom will be preached
in the whole world as a testimony to all nations.
And then the end will come.
What can further analysis and practice of conscious mentality accomplish?
Deep space travel.
Deep space travel.
Teleportation.
Teleportation.
Teleportation.
Financial stability.
I'm here for cancer.
End of crime.
End of poverty.
End of discrimination.
End of idolatry.
The reason that these major avenues become available is due to the fact that the
state of mind automatically displaces the mistake of losing tractability to the
essence of the person's original God-given character.
This is tremendously advantageous as the harnessing of a cured society would be
able to seemingly supernaturally solve any issue associated
with the state of non-conscious mentality almost instantly.
This is why being conscious can be considered a door.
I'm excited to stay.
A door to endless possibilities.
So how do we get started?
I am seeking individuals to collaborate with us through our website linked to faith.
com forward slash conscious-mentality.
We are providing a platform in order that miscellaneous fields
can describe their content with regards to being conscious.
The goal is to establish a nominal conscious-mentality certification program.
This program would promote a spiritually pH-balanced group.
Products and services stamped with the conscious-mentality certification have
passed through our group filter, and the content is sensitive to soul consumption.
This film is not about asking for your sympathy.
Its true meaning is a warning.
Please have a blessed life, one of direct relationship with God, connected to His
Holy Spirit's impulse and self-checked by the life teachings of Jesus, His Son.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.