Good bless day.
My name is Carlos Cortez Villanueva, Jr. I'm
a Christian gospel artist known as DeNova.
My story, like many, includes struggles and breakthroughs.
Prior to repentance, I served a beer spirit which drove me
to struggle with drug addiction and inappropriate behavior.
I was an influencer as a local hip-hop artist in the Chicagoland community.
During that time in my past, I learned many skills associated with art and business.
I never really considered wisdom until I began
to feel totally drained and empty inside.
I tried to fill the void with concepts and false doctrines available online,
but there was something always missing.
One answer always led to other questions, and it turned out to be like living with a
carrot stick on my head and never able to reach it.
This went on for many years until I was reintroduced to the Bible and read in
Proverbs 1-7, The fear of the Lord is the beginning of
knowledge, but fools despise wisdom and instruction.
This notion broke through my mind's haze, and I finally felt fulfilled in truth.
I got down on my face, and I asked Jesus to
forgive me of my sins and to take over my life.
Like many baby Christians, I ran to a modern church and became functional.
I volunteered to work within the kids ministry with the best intentions,
but I quickly learned that even though I had repented and committed to church
service, there was a spiritual affliction constantly
occurring, and church alone was not able to defend me.
I began researching instances where people were experiencing the same problems,
and this research led me to discover the deliverance ministry.
The more information I found, the more defined my problems were in my current
walk with the Lord, and on through my secular years.
I was becoming awake.
Do you know that only a fractional percent of Christians know deliverance?
The problem is the simplicity.
There is only two spiritual roles in existence, Jehovah God and Lucifer.
The general public is either submitted to God or the devil.
Deliverance, while not as organized and prevalent as many other denominations,
points out an outstanding fact.
People are being manipulated by evil spirits, and only the blood of Jesus
delivers one out of the grasp of spirits and curses.
This truth empowered my decision making process to begin building education,
business and entertainment from a delivered perspective,
bypassing the contamination of evil spirits.
It's not easy, and we are still fighting.
I'm not here to argue about religion, but I am here to do my part in sharing the
lessons I learned, thus released me from trauma
inflicted by beings hidden in human history.
The Bible's stories, including Genesis to Revelations and the characters who were
warriors, prophets, apostles, kings and queens, and the one and only Jesus,
the Redeemer, clearly tell us there is an evil
in the world and we are to come out of it.
This ministry, I am passionate about growing, is about fulfilling God's
prophecy, which states in Haggai 2.9 of the King James Version, The glory of this
latter house shall be greater than of the former, saith the Lord of Hosts.
And in this place, when I give peace, saith the Lord of Hosts.
This ministry is about being awake to the spiritual
reality that addresses each and everyone's path in life.
Either you believe it or not, it's a fact.
The goal of this ministry is to build a Christian lifestyle, which is both
conscious and also effective to the human species.
Help me to wake your fellow brother and sister.
Help me to create a platform where a transgression-free culture receives
Jehovah God's blessing through His Son, Jesus, and His Holy Spirit of spirits.
Amen.
Please test the fruit of our result.
I love you.
Please wake up and may God bless you and your neighbor.