Now,
ladies and gentlemen, it's time to wake up your neighbor.
God bless you.
Starring King Jesus to over God, Holy Spirit of spirits.
Thank you.
We worship you.
This song is dedicated to your particular good
attributes, one of which is ancient faith.
Today, contest culture now is disclosing a universal problem all people struggle with.
Now is the time to wake up your neighbor.
You should be passionate about understanding and
defending your spiritual rights as a triune creation.
Now is the time to wake up your neighbor.
You should be concerned about protecting your
Protestant Christian values from pagan undermining.
Now is the time to wake up your neighbor.
You should be serious about the mass media you
allow into your community's ear and eye gates.
Now is the time to wake up your neighbor.
Don't accept living in the result of Satan's
army casting spells on our homes and communities.
Break Satan down by supporting conscious culture
now and defend your American Christian heritage.
So with
the coming of Saint Germain's dispensation for the
barbarian age, we have the sponsorship of America.
You have the sponsorship of Australia.
Lenticular clouds are commonly displayed over Manchester.
Our oath with the I Am Great White Brotherhood
is based on deceiving humanity into a greeting.
Ascended masters are UFOs hiding behind these lenticular natural displays.
Play the social deck and vary the UFO deception components.
You've heard about flash mobs, but now there may be a new trend.
A North state business staged a flash mob to promote their business.
KRC News Channel 7's Tracy Leon was there as the action started at the Mount Shasta
Mall and they're hoping to spark a nationwide trend.
It started out like any typical Thursday at the Mount Shasta Mall.
People shopping, talking and just hanging out.
And with that call of the wild, a flash mob surprised the crowd.
Organized by real estate agents with Coldwell Banker,
the goal is to put a spotlight on your business.
Welcome to Mount Shasta and to the University of Mount Shasta offering a
master's program in spiritual psychology, holistic healing and life success coaching.
I am Joa Janekoias.
And I am Makwa Ikwa.
We are here to help you connect with your soul's mission and make it tangible and
profitable in one adventurous 12 month year.
Yes, it's a big year.
We cover a lot of ground.
The inner work you do this year will require your full attention.
You'll experience much personal positive growth.
That's three ways to give that decree.
It's your choice.
They're all correct.
Just depends on building a momentum.
I'm using a funnel of air from the seat of the soul
chakra up to my throat chakra to give this decree.
The power is the power of all of my chakras, all seven at work simultaneously.
Releasing that sacred fire in the focus of the spoken word.
It's gonna be June 9th.
We have a car wash.
It's gonna be just the first car wash of the year.
Maybe for many of us.
I know it's still raining outside.
It's crazy.
But it's gonna be a good opportunity to save all that dirt until June 9th.
Coming out of the church here after services.
It's around like 1 o'clock in the afternoon here at the church.
So it'll be a great time.
Get to be here for a few hours washing cars and
just taking donations to raise money for camp.
So it's a good opportunity to support those kids and be a part of that.
And if you can't get your car washed and you don't
like coffee, they're also selling Krispy Kreme donuts.
So I'm sure you could find a student somewhere in
church or around that's selling Krispy Kreme donuts.
Everyone loves donuts.
Why wouldn't you?
So get in a mood mode, find a student somewhere in
church or around that's selling Krispy Kreme donuts.
Everyone loves donuts.
Why wouldn't you?
He's crushing the body.
I'm gonna burn his soul.
I can't touch him.
He's under the blood.
2 Corinthians 12.4, King James Version.
How that he was caught up into paradise and heard
unspeakable words, which it is not lawful for a man to utter.
You mother******* head.
You ******* sucker.
What the **** are you doing here?
I'm gonna cut your head off and **** down your throat.
I'm gonna cut your **** off and put it in your ****.
I'm gonna cut you to pieces and feed you to your own kids.
You dirty ****.
I'm gonna eat you, **** you out, and then eat you again.
While humanity sleeps, I go to improve.
Finding betters.
And now, ladies and gentlemen, get ready, get set, and get discerned on.
Whose hand is it?
Join us today as we test the skills of two contestants in the War of Life.
Can they tell who Satan is?
Can they tell who Jesus is?
Well, let's find out.
And don't forget, both the loser and winner get the go home.
Today on Game Show, we have to really get a response from our crowd.
So let's hear it.
Say, kick, say it's K.O.
Oh, boy.
This is so good, didn't it?
Where are we?
Oh, yeah.
Brittany, Anthony, what the heck are you guys still going here?
Anthony, you were in the King Satan's town last week.
Well, you know, my girlfriend had a spontaneous
reaction when she left me after the show.
I'd say I was blessed for the one for the squad,
for the heavenly man, setting up my chipset.
He said, I did fine.
Praise the Lord.
This is really fun.
Whoa, whoa.
It's Brittany.
You're not my boyfriend.
Do you have a girlfriend?
Three words.
Get back, bonehead.
Brittany, get her off.
Get your butt on the board.
You don't need to.
The dirty stuff.
Oh, snap.
Don't get that on me, man.
You live in Manchester City.
You own this mansion.
You own this barter.
You own this vampire.
You own this high school.
Throw alcohol free mainstream.
Would you like to customize your character's features?
Catwoman Academy is in our other high schools.
It's one of a couple of more.
Patisia is a cousin.
Villainous City.
Even Villains have said they can't act.
I need to make an amazing first impression.
Make an address, child.
I got to find out.
I need an outfit.
I want everyone over there.
I don't want to watch out.
Oh, the sexy beans.
This is how it turns out.
Catwoman for some.
Is everyone over here?
Oh, everyone knows their own.
I got to change my idea.
Is this one?
Ready or not, Catwoman?
Here I come.
Whoa, who's that?
New girl.
She's cute, but she dressed like a tomb.
Agreed.
tutorial.
Your choices don't affect your relationships with the people around you.
Earn operation.
Make life decide.
Your audience still feels too bad for people to your will.
Now that I've got your attention.
Well, Britney, looks like Catwoman Academy has a new student.
Witchcraft in Mount Testa.
What a surprise.
How much did you say the 30 soul pays?
Britney, that all depends on your skill set.
Can I get the hook here?
The hook never goes away.
It's part of the gameplay.
Go over the rules again.
It'll cost you convenience, Britney.
Oh, what a desperate day.
Anthony used convenience right away.
I'm going to imitate Anthony and use convenience.
It's your call, Britney.
The 30 soul is Satan's chip set reality in the third, heavenly.
Satan and his army host current scenarios, also
known as the people, places and things all around us.
Satan's mission goal is to subject our reality through a desperate automatic
failure mechanism, whose overall function is to
perpetuate the appeal of sin through spiritual subversion.
Oh, yeah.
The object of this game, Britney, is to determine when Satan's hand is being
checked by the mighty hand of Jesus Christ.
Your job is to press the buzzer when you feel the current scenario is suddenly
exchanging hands and being hosted by the mighty hand of Jesus Christ.
This, the name of Jesus Christ, what time it is, is CST, baby.
Let me fill my cup with oil.
Current scenarios today.
Hallelujah.
I got my goggles on.
We're going to read some today.
I'm going to tell you why in a minute.
But I always like to start by saying, mwah, mwah, mwah.
And thank Jesus for my three beautiful children.
Hallelujah.
We're going to move forward.
We always do things in an easy yoke because we know
that people want to understand it and need fresh water.
That's why this is called current scenarios.
Current scenarios today.
Take people, places, and things with that type of image in your mind.
Today, we're going to be breaking down a very complicated attack on the human race,
on the human triune being.
Hallelujah.
That's what me.
That's what you are.
Anda macha en de releme socondo.
And we're going to be labeling.
We're going to be labeling.
Hallelujah.
Every point of perspective that we're going to be sort of
making our style to break down this really complicated.
Hallelujah.
Sometimes impossible to unfetter ourselves.
Hallelujah.
Like a like a jungle.
Hallelujah.
Of how Satan is binding and blinding us.
So I'm going to tell you right now what we're going to be looking at.
And we're going to see them over and over because we repeat.
We are gardeners.
It's the same flower.
Hallelujah.
It's the same to the hallelujah because you recognize it.
It smells good.
And when you see a difference in it, you pick up on it.
Wake up.
Eat.
Eat.
Eat.
Ande soco choco doro lomo se kende.
Hallelujah.
So basically these labels are illustration, storyboard, defining new
verbs, activating Jehovah God's King James Holy Bible,
literally prophetically receiving the message of the Holy Ghost.
Why I'm telling you this and why I got these goggles on.
I'm not diving in the lake around here.
Hallelujah.
But the reason is because we're going to be reading
a lot of information that's going to edify you.
And you know that nagger, that accuser up in the third
heavenlies bothers God up in the fourth heavenly.
Hey, what about Sam?
What about Janet?
What about Maria?
Hallelujah.
Why do you allow them to live their life that way?
They're sinners.
Well, guess what?
Jesus is the advocate.
We're advocating for you.
Hallelujah.
We're professionally kicking Satan in the throat.
And we're doing it.
Hallelujah.
In the style of Jesus Christ, which is to crack
him with truth, crack him with simplification.
And we're going to bring that to you right now.
Enjoy it.
We are your advocate in the name of Jesus Christ.
For the purpose of these episodes or current scenarios today, in which we will
unpack Satan's tip set in the third heavenlies, we will be illustrating,
storyboarding, defining new verbs, activating Jehovah God's King James Holy
Bible and literally prophetically receiving the message of the Holy Ghost.
In order that a comprehensive, un-doctrination can
exist in our current world's mass communication.
The purpose is to isolate and simplify current scenarios or the people,
places, and things that make up Satan's comprehensive reality imitation,
thus challenging Satan's spiritual strongmen.
Let's clear things up in the name of Jesus Christ.
I hate snakes and get my hat.
Today, on CST, we're going to begin to illustrate how the I Am Beast system
religion, the NWO, has programmed the mesmerization and thus indoctrinated the
world into a blasphemic religion that transgresses against King Jesus and dukes
you into subconsciously participating in Satanism.
Alright, now the conspirator is...
Sir, there is another one.
Now is the time to wake up your neighbor.
How?
By becoming a Race to 3000 contributor, Jesus told us to first build a family of
3000 brothers and sisters contributing just one dollar per month.
Now is the time to wake up your neighbor.
How?
By wearing ready and able merchandise.
Jesus told us to eliminate Cain from Abel, thus breaking the curse.
Now is the time to wake up your neighbor.
How?
How?
By adding our song, Romans 8, by Danova to your playlist including Spotify,
iHeartRadio, Pandora, Apple Music, YouTube Music, or your preferred music player.
Jesus told us to produce creative music and movies based on his word, the Holy Bible.
Now is the time to wake up your neighbor.
Now is the time to wake up your neighbor.
How?
Faith, Music, and Movies is the production house for Conscious Culture Now.
We are a Jacksonville, Florida-based holy doctrine Christian fundamental ministry
with our conscious mentality deliverance concepts across three main spectrums.
Taking back entertainment, taking back education, and taking back business.
Thus taking back our family for the Lord Jesus Christ.
But with discernment to create yet unprovoked established institutions,
but rather allow Jehovah God's Holy Spirit to create a genre
focused entirely on an anti-transcresatory spiritual stance.
So how can I help?
You can access our handy Tidal app from your smartphone or from any internet device.
Text the word GIVE to 321-978-0510 or visit faith.
org and click the Conscious Culture Now fundraiser link.
There you will find information on our fundraiser campaign entitled The Race to 3000.
Simply click our green GIVE button and use our Safe
and Convenient Tidal app to process your payment.
Please check the recurring box in the Tidal app to confirm your Race to 3000
monthly contributor membership or simply add a one-time GIVE.
Simply click STORE to access our Grow and
Ready Enable Merchandise product line brand.
Click MUSIC, go to Romans 8 and click FREE and enter your email to download our first
song release of a brand new holy genre style God Cause interpreting glorification.
Stay Conscious by connecting to our social sites
on Facebook, YouTube, Twitter and Instagram etc.
Just click the favicon of your choice.
Now is the time to wake up your neighbor.
Tell them we are in a war of consciousness and this war
will only end when souls are no longer being cast into hell.
Faith, Music and Movies is a tiny Christian ministry with holy big ideas.