Genesis is the first book of the Bible. The story in it, which we want to focus on right now, is the Tree of Knowledge. There's another parallel biblical tale with which we want to buckle this understanding


for the purpose of reviving the conscious thought pattern in you this moment. Babylon was a place for idol worship that imparted a sense of mysterious knowledge which seemed to propel the onlooker into a place of generous inner wisdom. Similar, the Tree of Knowledge,


a hint of exotic creative adventurism propelled the first male and female into a state of luscious disobedient behavior. With a sudden rush, they were being told the definition was a breakthrough in a form of life by Lucifer.


In Babylon, this translated into a tower, which was a method to unite a confidence in humanity to rebel from Jehovah God's sovereignty and in place cellulize a habit in which the human mood would perpetually reduce the expectations from God


and evoke a culture of godrace unnecessaryed to any god. The Tree of Knowledge is very similar, as the advisor, Lucifer, wrapped up the female agenda into a sense of exploration into a device not directly forbidden to her by God, but rather only from her husband male.


God originally had forbade the male, but this direct discouraged action escaped the concern of the female, whose interaction with a godlike happened to be a rebel archangel cast out of Jehovah God's domain due to pride.


This cellular mood pattern, otherwise called here as current scenarios or electrostatic sense-altering repeatability in the form of civil occurrences, dealt a threat to the plan of Jehovah God's intention to eventually save humanity from Lucifer's lies


through Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ is the truth, the way, and the life, in correct balance with the attributes required by which to enter Jehovah God's paradise. Lucifer is antagonist in not only the feature of evil, but consciously speaking, spiritually occurs in an exact opposite to paradise.


The Tree of Knowledge was basically a distraction tactic in order to rob humanity's direct inheritance with the balance in a continent called Eden. In that continent, animals spoke and would not eat each other. Humans ate fruits and vegetables.


There was no need for artificial transportation, no work, no birth pains, and there was direct interaction with Jehovah God. Lucifer noticed this scenario and being highly intelligent, figured out that subduing humanity into a current scenario would give him some access to Jehovah God.


The Tower of Babel was destroyed by God and people were scattered. Don't think of these as people. Rather, think of these like a complex cell structure. If this structure would have maintained its identity, it would have zero access to similar traits


as mentioned of the benefits back in Eden. These traits are reserved through Jesus and no cost is too high for God to maintain the Jesus factor relevant as Jesus is the contraption God designed to


reestablish order to his paradise upon the execution of Lucifer's pride in such holy place. That's what Earth is, basically a filter in order that the emotions of an immature higher designed being capable of affecting his environment could be bled off through the human story.


This is a tremendous blessing for those who receive Jesus in their heart, but it's a tremendous disaster for the impious that rebel against this very simple teaching. Ultimately, heaven's attributes were ingrained in the function of Jesus, whereas the opposite is true for Lucifer's Hades.


Heaven is a balanced glorification of Jehovah God. Hades is a chaotic environment chucked together to imprison a false emotion in order that a safety mechanism could prevent the encroachment of uncontrolled emotion into paradise,


which at the same time imprisons a tyrant that is robbing you at a high level of discreet and impressive delusion similar to the scenario in Eden. Stop thinking and start researching and see for yourself as we all die twice. One on Earth followed by judgment.


If you lack the attributes of heaven, then you automatically own the attributes of Hades. There is no in-between. The information is free and available to anyone concerned about their own eternity. Lastly, the quib that occurred in paradise has already been settled.


Jesus died and took the curse of rebellious scenario unto himself and bled out in order to cause an opportunity for anyone to achieve salvation and paradise in the afterlife. Not only that, but Jesus released God's Holy Spirit upon the entire human race


in order that you can ask for answers in whatever language you personally speak.

> Generated by WayinVideo | https://wayin.ai/wayinvideo/